Overall extremely pleased to find a vacuum that works so well and didn't cost me a fortune.
After comparing vacs, I chose this one. 
Definitely would recommend it.
If you primarily want a really good floor vacuum, then this one is a good choice. 
This tablet is probably the biggest surprise I have had in electronics in 10 plus years. 
Purchased this over the weekend and have been stunned ever since.
If your in the market for a tablet and money is tight this is a no brained.
Buy this and don't think twice. 
Still, good to the money.
This tablet was great when I had Jelly Bean (Anroid 4.2). 
Thats the one thing, everything else is a great value for $99. 
I purchased this for my wife on 10-23-13 and it started out good. 
we had a hard time getting Nextbook to return our call. 
Purchased a few of these for my 6yr old for school and since the price is so low I was not expecting much but after receiving them I will definitely buy more from this brand!
Fit my son perfectly.
I saved a dollar or so per item with free shipping it was a great deal.
these shirts work well for my children. 
good deal at 4 for $19
Good shirts for school wear.
The shirts served their purpose.
Works better than the smaller version the recipient had before. 
Recipe to loves it.
I love this car seat and stroller! 
My two month old loves it, she falls asleep every time she is in the car seat.
It looks better than expected!
Met all my expectations.
This carseat/stroller combo went beyond my expectations! 
Would recommend to anyone. 
So happy I made this purchase. 
Very good quality for the price!
I Really Love It. 
You Will Not Regret Buying This !
But when we finally had the money to get it i was pleased to see that the price had dropped from 180 to 135! 
But we love it and it works great for us!
Very good product
Safe for my child!
I would recommend this product to anyone.
I brought it to my teacher to inpsect before I bought it and she was really impressed.
Overall great if your not ready to start with a $300 camera and a great crossover.
This camera is one of the best i have owned.
It takes amazing pictures with features i have always wanted and didn't expect from this camera. 
I would recommend this camera for any photographer who wants a great camera that is actually affordable.
I absolutely love this camera!
I bought my 15 year old son one and he loves it.
This is my first bulkier camera and I love it!
This is a good one for someone who enjoys making beautiful pictures.
This camera is one of the best digital cameras I have ever used.
My first "outing" with it was Thanksgiving and I must say this camera performed beautifully. 
My second "outing" was Christmas and again, I was delighted with its performance.
I've owned several cameras that cost more but I must say I am delighted with this one.
The GE 400 seemed like a great camera, with a lot more than the Samsung. 
This is a great camera. 
If you just want a point and shout type maybe not the first choice if you like lot of built in feature more control this is a great choice. 
This camera does everything I want it to do.
This is an excellent buy for the money
After reading the walmart.com reviews I couldn't pass up the price.
This tv was great for the price. 
I was very happy with it until it died.
This is a really powerful phone and I am sure everyone has talked about all the great things it can do
It has all the features you want. 
I like this phone much better than iPhone 5S it's about the same features.
I'm very happy & content that I choose this product it has everything I need. 
Great deal, great Cellphone to have!
Very happy would recommend.
I am happy I decided to try this unit.
Boy, was I surprised. 
It looks like a $150.00 lamp! 
My sister "demanded" to know how I could afford it...she ended up ordering one after she found out the price.
It's great.
I was pleasantly surprised. 
Great value!
This lamp is SO pretty and so nice.
GREAT for the price.
I love this floor lamp.
You can't beat this lamp for the price!
I've had the lamp for 5 months now and I am still liking it!
I paid $29 bucks for this technological marvel.
For the purpose that I picked this up for, it's perfect. 
It took a little time to put it together, but this hoop is great and I would totally recommend it for the price. 
This is a great hoop for the money. 
We've had this for over a month now, and my son loves it.
For the price, this hoop can't be beat. 
Incredible value for price paid
Everyone loves it.
Overall, I am very happy with the purchase as it is perfect for my needs
Very nice basketball for a child.
Very pleased with my purchase.
I bought this for my son's third birthday and we love it!
Basketball is great.
Wish it were slightly lower in price, but you won't find a better product.
I bought this for my 7 year old daughter and she loves it.
I have no regrets and do recommend it to anyone who wants to charge smaller batteries (Lawn Tractors, Motorcycles, and similar sized batteries) with no reservations.
This product really works.
Very nice product.
This Battery Tender is the best.
It just works. 
I spent the better part of the last month reviewing around 50 tents for this camping season and always kept coming back to this one. 
I do not regret it at all!
Although it's a tablet, this is powerful computer. 
Love my tablet everyone should have one!
These cook extremely WELL.
A pretty good deal for only $5 really. 
Thanks a lot
