This was Old World Excellence at it's best
Wow, what charm!
I loved it!
Turns out it was a fine choice for other reasons, too.
A great stay!
Our room was wonderful.
Very convenient; very nice.
Bring your walking shoes and enjoy a couple of vacation days right here in the middle of everything - you'll be glad you did.
This small hotel is one we have been to several times now and it feels almost like home.
Great Hotel, Prime location 
My husband and I spent 3 nights at the Best Western Pioneer Square Hotel and it was great.
The hotel is a very old one that has been completely remodeled and is just beautiful.
We definitely enjoyed our stay and would stay there again and would recommend it to anyone.
We spent three nights here and had a wonderful time.
We found a really good deal.
Well drinks, wine are $3.00.
The most beautiful city on the planet!!!!!
Staff friendly and helpful.
Good complimentary, continental breakfast.
Pleasantly surprised and affordable for the area.
We were pleasantly surprised.
I was pleasantly surprised by this Best Western, which I tend to think of as a fairly budget chain.
I almost didnt book based on a couple of the reviews but I decided to chance it and I am glad I did.
The location is excellent!
Read that again, Excellent.
Overall good hotel.
Best decision I ever made!!
Would definitely stay again!
We loved this hotel!
All in all, we had an excellent experience here, and will definitely be staying here again on our next visit to Seattle!
Located very close to Space Needle, this hotel is a good value.
but for our experience it was fun and were glad we picked it.
I've been going to this place every year and I keep on coming back to this hotel.
Great Hotel came for spring training
overall great stay.
My overall sense is that this was a good motel
Great place to stay
Highly recommend
Highly recommend, don't hesitate on this one!
We were looking for a budget hotel and I got an awesome deal on the Best Western site.
I will stay here again.
Our stay at this hotel was wonderful
Great stay!
above average airport hotel experience I normally stay
But the Hilton is really a good choice, not the kind of Airport Hotel Experience that you normally have.
Excellent Place
Excellent! Wow! What a great hotel!
I would recommend The Sheraton Crescent Hotel.
Nice price, nice hotel
A Really Good Choice
All in all we were really happy with our choice.
Would return.
King Edward is the best!!!!
What a wonderful place to stay!
Overall we had a very pleasant stay at the Chelsea Lodge and it really was amazing value.
We would absolutely recommend it.
I thoroughly recommend this place and when I next return to NYC would have no hesitation in staying here again.
A big thumbs up from me
Chelsea Lodge is a great place to stay when visiting the city.
I'll will return to Chelsea Lodge in my next trip to NY for sure!
Highly recommeded
Wow, what a haven from the hustle and bustle!
We would gladly come back.
It was perfect for our trip, we spent our money enjoying new york rather than on a fancy room.
Loved it!!
I would recommend this hotel.
We had a wonderfull stay!
Excellent value for New York Excellent value place in Chelsea.
We stayed for 1 night while visting LA and liked this hotel.
We'd recomment it if you want a place with some spirit, and dont need luxury!
My daughter and I enjoyed our stay so much we would recommend this hotel and look forward to returning to California and staying at the Tower Beverly.