The food and service exceeded our expectations tonight at Osteria.
Carrino Provisions is Top Chef's Dale Talde's first restaurant in jersey city.
I was certainly shocked finding this random little hole in the wall in the middle of a residential street. 
I was happy to find this place however as this restaurant was pretty good!
It reminded me how less stressful it is to not have to park your own car. I was able to dump my car with a friendly gentleman as soon as I arrived and go inside.
While it is a little bit of a hike from downtown Jersey City, I would absolutely come back!
Everything was great and the staff were really nice.
This place is a whole in the wall put the food and service is great. 
Everything taste great.
Love this place and have been going for years.  Valet parking (I know right) and a really nice atmosphere.
A hundred mile round trip for dinner here, but it was worth every mile driven to experience the old school charm and exquisite tastes of the various dishes here at this Jersey City institution. 
Everything was delicious - simply delicious.
We will be returning to Laico's again for sure...
It's very welcoming.
As many have said, it truly is a place you have to be told about in order to find it, and it's well worth the visit. 
Always a good spot for a relaxing dinner.
It was one of my favorite restaurants back in the day. 
I am definitely glad I made it back today. 
Everything was as good as I remembered. 
I heard about Laico's from a few different people, so my expectations were definitely high. 
Certainly not bad, but I think 3 stars is the right rating for now.
This place definitely has good food, without a doubt. 
But the food tasted like standard diner fare (a little better than average).
It was crunchy and tasty.
The food is fantastic, authentic, full of flavor, and fast. 
I love this place!
Simply delicious.
Overall this is probably the best mexican restaurant I have ever been to
One of the better spots in Chambana for a great lunch.
Died and gone to Mexican Food Heaven!
They must have angels in the kitchen cooking for the food to be as good as it is!
I'd go back when I'm around again.
Well deserving of being best mexican cuisine in CU.
The Burrito's were just the right size, and tasted great, they also serve the bottle of Cokes with real Sugar which is awesome.
There is a wide selection of authentic mexican dishes.
An excellent spot for anybody, but especially as a lunch spot for students during the school year. 
Solid, very affordable menu, very authentic, very delicious. You definitely need to try this place!
It definitely lives up to the hype. 
The menu has so many options that provide a lot of food for good prices. 
It is always so tough choosing but the workers usually have great recommendations! 
The wait is worth it is a small place so do not be surprised. 
While it is no longer on my walk home from class, I will go out of my way to get Maize.
Ok so Maize is the most highly rated place on Yelp at UIUC for all cuisines. 
Combine this with the word-of-mouth it gets around campus and my liking of Mexican food, it was a must try.
The place was pretty busy with lots of call in orders, pick-ups and even a few people eating in the small sitting area.  
I thought for sure what I was getting was going to be flat with all the ingredients on top.  
Regardless, I had never had anything like it even in the south suburbs of Chicago where I'm from (maybe I should have Mexican more often).   
This was surprisingly good. 
The only thing this taco needed was sour cream!
Either way, they were both decent.
I really enjoyed my food from Maize. 
I will definitely be back in to try some of their other things. 
Best Mexican food on campus.
I travel for a living and have probably eaten at over a hundred Mexican restaurants AND I just got back from Mexico, yet Maize is seriously one of the top 5 Mexican restaurants I've been, maybe even top 3.
Maize is the real deal. Authentic, flavorful, and addictive.
Best taco I have ever had here in champaign Urbana .
This little dive in the middle of Illinois is on my top ten list.
I really liked coming here, the entrees were very good.
This is the best Chinese food I've in CU in a long time.
I love Chinese food and this ranks up there with the best food/experience that I've ever had.
I have had a lot of Chinese here in Chicago, but this place beats them all. I love GOLDEN HARBOR. 
I'm always impressed with Chinese food down in Champaign, and this place definitely leaves me feeling the same.
Golden Harbor pretty much took the most hated part of Chinese food
They have something for everyone here.
They have an enormous menu.
Good family style Asian cuisine for a fair price. Will be back.
This is the best Chinese food I've ever had. 
Golden Harbor is as authentic and good Chinese food as you will get outside of Chinatown.
My favorite place to eat in chambana.
The best Chinese in CU, for sure.
This is my go to place for thai. 
The food that I have gotten is so good, I have to stay away for my health's sake. 
For a nice sit-down thai dinner that is also delicious try Siam Terrace (but of course it's more pricey, ~$10-15)
I definitely would come back here!
I've since been regularly coming back up to 5 times a week (definitely my favorite place to eat on campus). 
Good hot food at a cheap price. The dream!
I've tried several other fishes besides the specials since then. 
Everyone on campus needs to try this place at least once.
This place is great! 
We both thought it was great. 
All in all, great food. 
Good find but those disappointments were worth taking a star off for. 
What I appreciated here is their limited menu, because this means the product provided is high quality. 
My husband enjoyed his sandwich. 
There was a discussion on Yelp Talk (a thread) where people were raving about The Corned Beef Factory. 
Wow, it was definitely well worth the drive.
Loved my experience here.  
Simple concept and they are executing it perfectly.
The only reason it got 2 stars is because our server, Michael, was very good.  
I could definitely see it as a good place to watch the game (at the bar) and do drinks/apps.
Still a great looking restaurant. 
Despite the higher prices, it's come as you are.  
The atmosphere is nice, definitely a clean bar/restaurant. 
So much food! Frozen Drinks are fantabulous!!!!! 
However food is amazing!!!!
Wish they were slightly bigger but they taste of the meat is always good. 
This is a sweet lookin' spot
The restaurant is pretty small on the inside, but well-decorated and very modern looking, I felt like I was at a fancy place downtown or something!
The sushi from this place is incredible!! 
I can't wait to go back!
The Sushi is very GOOD!
The restaurant itself is beautiful, modern and minimalist.
If I could I would have sakanaya every night of the week. 
his restaurant impressed me with its attention to detail. 
Its definitely worth going to for a nice dinner out on campus.
I was so impressed with Sakanaya!
By far the best sushi i've had in the midwest.
OMG - so stinkin' good!
I loved the food here
This place was great!
By far the best sushi we have had in the Midwest, including Chicago!
This is by far the best sushi place in Champaign.
Lovely. Best sushi on campus.
Quite possibly the best sushi in town.
This place probably has the best vibe in Champaign for restaurants.
Incredible sushi. Beautiful decor. My favorite restaurant in all Chambana.
It was our first time eating here and had a great experience (we will definitely go back)!
I think it's the best sushi place on campus and the interior decor is great
One of my new favorite spots on Green St!
This is my go to place for thai. 
Everyone on campus needs to try this place at least once
Great portion sizes for the money. Would definitely come again.
I always used to come here and order level 10 anything. Did the job.
Probably the greatest addition to campus in a long time. 
This is probably my favorite restaurant on campus.
Absolutely love this place and would give 5 stars for the pho. 
I love the Pad Thai!
This place has pretty darn good fast food.
Some of my favorite Thai on campus!
Love their pho, best on or off campus.
Having been to almost every asian restaurant around champaign-urbana, I must say that bangkok thai is both my favorite and the place i frequent the most. 
You really tell there was some bang in that kok if you know what I mean.
The food and service exceeded our expectations tonight at Osteria.
It honestly has been remarkable each time.
This place is awesome.
A great new addition to an upcoming neighborhood.
Definitely will going back soon!
I love the beast.
This place is quite the best!
Great addition to LIC.
Love this place and will continue coming with my colleagues on Thursday nights.
One of the most unique shops I've ever been to!
My wife loves this little spot.
Cute store with many interesting home decor, jewelry and other items. I am a big fan of Kanibal Home! 
What a cute little store to have in our neighborhood.
The store is super cute and has something for everyone and all of the staff are warm welcoming and knowledgeable.
To be honest, I actually get very jealous whenever I visit, because I would love to have a shop just like it! 
I LOVE that we have this every Friday at the Grove Street PATH.
This is my favorite of them all.
This store is totally awesome and I love it! 
All in all, I'm happy Kanibal Home is a part of our neighborhood and urge anyone looking for a great gift to stop in there.
New favorite bar - wish we lived closer!
I highly recommend The Beast Next Door. 
Good atmosphere.
Now this place is a gold mine.
It's a great store, it truly is. 
Great little vintage shop! 
This is a rather cute shop with great atmosphere. 
For all you vintage clothing lovers, this is a great place to check out. 
They have such a great vinyl selection for cheap!
Cool stuff for very good prices. 
its wonderful to walk into a place like this and the employees actually love what they do
Thanks again for being such an awesome part of the Jersey City community, Another Man's Treasure.
Awesome place for legitimate vintage clothing.
Great store! 