The case came from Hong Kong although it says ships from Michigan.
I took the photos and emailed them back immediately.
normally I'd like my case to be a bit more bullet proof.
but then again it was pretty cheap.
So just enjoy the fun of it and don't get mad if you drop your phone and it breaks.
I brought two new iPhones, one for myself and one for my wife over the past two years.
Two and a half years ago I brought a new 4s for myself and last year I brought a new iPhone 5 for my wife.
I took it to the Apple store in Brandon Florida.
The Genius at the Genius Bar looked at it for five minutes and then told me the wi-fi card was not working and that I would need a new iPhone.
We took it to the Apple Store in Brandon and another Genius looked at and made the same announcement after three minutes.
Again we were told that we needed to buy a replacement phone.
We paid $700 each for these phones when they were new.
I took the phone the same day I received it to the Apple Store.
Their evaluation of the phone was that it had been previously owned (gave me the name of the person it was registered to) and had been opened and had 3rd party internal parts.
The phone was represented to me as being new.
I would give this phone 4 out of 5 stars considering its age.
After receiving about two months of my subscription, they started billing me for the next full year.
Four months away from my renewal date, they informed me they had renewed me "for my convenience" and would be charging my debit card.
I promptly canceled my subscription online in November 2009 (would run out in March 2010).
All my account information online stated my subscription was canceled and I owed nothing.
The bills continued to escalate until in Feb.
2010, I searched high and low online to find a phone number to call.
I was informed that the subscription department did not receive information online, and they did not know my subscription was canceled (likely story).
I was informed that NOW they would cancel my subscription.
WRONG!!! Today, I get a threatening e-mail saying my account is past due, and pay my bill immediately.
When I go online, my subscription is canceled, I owe nothing, I have no subscription activity.
I took the time to actually count the ads in the last two issues.
They totaled more that 62% of the magazine, and that didn't include the postcard inserts or bhg's advertising of exclusive products.
When my last subscription expired, they continued to send me invoices stating "past due", etc.
but the icing on the cake was when they called me on Christmas Eve this past year to try and get me to renew.
are they that desperate for business??? 
We got these magazines because of the big name attached to it.
the articles about gardening and decorating are doable, not outrageous and I just renewed the subscription.
When I was in my 20's I do not think these magazine would have been for me.
Which I'm really not that upset about.
I'm sure an external drive would work just fine.