I ordered a costume for Halloween from 7TH AVENUE COSTUMES  .
When the package arrived, I took the main garment out (I did not even unpack the accessories at all) and tried it on  .
I must've worn it for 30 seconds  .
I took it to the post office on the very next day it was open and returned it, at my expense (usually I get a free shipping label when I return things to Amazon, which is not to denigrate Amazon, I just didn't get an item that was shipped by them or one of their REPUTABLE sellers)  .
I told them this, and they said they would give me a full refund  .
I entered an agreement 4 years ago to sell credit card services for Mr Bernhard  .
Back then the company was called Gracie Ventures, then Swipe Merchant Services, then Swipe Services  .
I just found out his year that he changed all the customer rates in years 2 and 3, so I knew I wasn't getting paid, but I didn't know that he was making even more money off my labor and relationships and it was being hidden from me  .
I later found out more about Matthew Bernhard which makes his actions, although distasteful, make sense now  .
Matthew Bernhard is the slime-ball behind ACG Unlimited  .
The company has been known to represents themself as: ACG ; Athlete Consulting Group ; Athletes Consulting Group ; ACG Unlimited ; or Swipe Merchant Accounts LLC ; Gracie Ventures LLC  .
trust funds in the amount of approximately $495,000  .
Simayof Diamond Cutters and Jewelers , by Adi Simayof , Address: 246 Powell St, San Francisco, CA 94102, United States  .
Confidence tricks exploit characteristics of the human psyche such as dishonesty, honesty, vanity, compassion, credulity, irresponsibility, na  .
I called him from out-of-town  .
Advanced over $1,050 in 2 payments, plus material he picked up at Lowes  .
Got about $300 worth of actual work done, lost $750  .
Call all complaints to Mark Barry at corporate 901-537-8000  .
He can also be reached at 901-525-3000, ask for the president's office to leave a message  .
Several weeks ago, I bought a bag of California Snack Foods Cheese Popcorn, because I haven't had them since i was a kid and i used to love them  .
I came to Daniel requesting his service to help my ads stand out above my competitors and not get flagged  .
We went back and forth with what I was expecting and what he could provide  .
In short I would pay a fee and he would deliver a script to help my services stand out  .
Daniel then attempted to meet up with me at 11 at night when of course I was sleeping  .
I then tried to re-schedule and the only time he could was a time that I couldn't  .
This was the last time that I heard from him  .
At that point I attempted to call and speak with the owners or senior admin staff and was given the same schpeel each time, that they'll pass along my name and phone number for a call back  .
If you do a google search for complaints on destinations to recovery teen treatment you'll see firsthand all the accounts  .
It seems there are a lot of people looking to get this place closed down, and for good cause too  .
It's amazing how much it takes to actually close a bad rehab program down  .
Don't let your child be the reason the community is finally able to get rid of this menace of a program  .
I placed an order on Flipkart.com for one pair of Fortune Lace Up Shoes vide Order ID No  .
It was the so-called Big Billion Day discount sale of Flipkart  .
The cost of the item was Rs 649/- and the same was paid in advance  .
The expected date of delivery was given by Flipkart as by 13th October, 2014  .
They registered the complaint as incident id: 141013-137985 and assured me that the issue would be sorted out by 18th October, 3:00PM  .
20th Oct, 25th Oct, 29th Oct, and 31st Oct  .
Different representatives have spoken to me on telephone taking different pleas  .
So I am appealing for your help so that I get my ordered item at the same rate and don't get swindled  .
I've have schedule an appointment for October 22- 2014 at 9:00 am  .
It was 10:00 am and the doctor never show up at her office at that time  .
I decided to go to a different doctor  .
On 09/16/2014, I purchased a dvd, in store at the: Savers 1014 Kings Highway New Bedford, MA 02745 (508) 998 - 3899  .
The Dvd was called Vanity Fair  .
I wrote a letter and even included the empty package and sent this back to Savers  .
I live in New Hampshire, so driving back there more than 50 miles was not possible  .
I would like a refund, they cannot probably not give me the paid for dvd  .
Please contact me  .
Linda Norris PO box 681 Somersworth, MA 03878 (410) 456 - 7244 
Peggy Sears is the owner of Peggy's Pet Grooming  .
I took my golden retriever in on or around Oct 17,2014  .
I told her he just needs a trim and his rear feathers done, his nails cut and the hair between his toes trimmed off so that he doesn't slip on the wood floors  .
When Harley was picked up, he was being SHAVED  .
All of his hair was shaved off on his body  .
And she was allowing her young teen age or junior high school son to shave my dog  .
I contracted 4 times with them  .
On October 21, 2014 I visited your salon at the Volusia Mall in Daytona Beach, Florida  .
I recently moved to the area and was in need of getting my roots done to the front (bangs) portion of my hair  .
For over 2 years I have been blonding my bangs with great success  .
When entering Regis, I advised that my hair was hard to lift and my previous hairdresser used a high volume lift that works perfectly without breakage and with very little time  .
I advised that my previous hairdresser also did not apply the color to my scalp but instead painted it on just to my scalp and put it in foils  .
I only want my $1,500 refunded  .
Is anyone out there had dealings with them, and no of any lawsuits I can get on board with, or anyone who would like to try bring suit against this company, I have contacted small firm attorneys here, but they say wait till I'm served, then call them, I'm contacting the Attorney General for New York and Alabama next week  .
This company needs to be stopped from ripping hard working business people off who are just trying to make a living  .
Am now wondering whether it is best to look elsewhere  .
Please Virgin media invest in giving your sales staff disability/ageing awareness training  .
I wanted a specific power wheel for my son that my local Wal-Mart did not have  .
The employee looked it up and said I could order it from site to store and it would be in before my son's birthday which was the 29th  .
She told me it would be in the 27th or earlier  .
At the information I was given, I agreed to order the power wheel from site to store for almost $400  .
They then told me it would be delivered on the 30th (today  .
) Then they pushed it back again to the 31st  .
Today they pushed it back to the 3rd or 4th of November  .
There are way too many other merchants that offer the same and better items and service to have to shop with such an inferior store, thank goodness  .