I am very disappointed with the attachments, especially the apholstery/stair attachment. 
This devise has no power (it is 'powered' by simple air flow) and does not do a good job on the stairs.
Also, the hose extension attachment is too short and there is only one. 
If you rely heavily on attachment use, pick a different cleaner.
Only three stars because there is only one attachment pole for the hose which shortens the total length; the attachment provided for the small brush is clamped onto the front of the vacuum and never stays attached; and there is no smaller vacuum attachment. 
I've always purchased Hoovers and this is the first time they were skimpy on the attachments. 
However on my first trial I discovered that the hose was much too short to use with ease with any of the tools.
Its suction may be good but for practical use of the attachments its hose is too short and therefore I cannot use it without a backache I shall have to return it for a canister
Super heavy, difficult to manipulate, and the worst thing: DOES NOT ASPIRATE AT ALL. 
I can't actually comment on the vacuum because it arrived broken. 
It doesn't pick up human hair, nor dog hair on carpet. 
The wand attachments are so short that I can't use them to get under furniture nor reach above my head to clean draperies.
After 6 months of purchasing this vacuum it starts to make funny noises. 
The one and only downfall is the camera.
The only thing I had a problem with was touch sensitivity when using a sytlus, but Google Play had an App called Screen Boost that fixed that.
The main thing that needs improvement is the reading screen. 
It is fine inside, but N O T good outside under sunny conditions.
I didn't like the 7.85" Nextbook Tablet,because the battery does't hold a charge no more than an hour, and it is suppose to last up to 5 hours ,but it only last about an hour and I wasn't playing a game .
It has a partition in it so I don't have access to ALL of my internal storage!
No HDMI capability, OS eats up 1.2 gig of storage... must use additional micro SD card if you want to store much of anything.
Have to hold button for a long time to power up/down. 
I like the tablet, but the volume is very low.
Unfortunately, it has only one 1 inch speaker and the sound is far from robust. 
If this feature had been better, I would have probably given it a 4 star rating.
The system only has 4 gb for apps, so I purchased a 32 gb micro SD card and moved all of my apps there. 
However, when I upgraded to Kit Kat, you do not have the ability to move the apps to your SD card anymore. 
What that means is that you can only have 4 gb of apps. 
Viewing angles are horrible. 
It began to overheat to the point you would have to lay it on a thick towel or pillow to use it. 
While on line, it would drop its signal. 
The service dept. finally returned our call after a week or two, and said that we had a problem with our Wi-Fi. 
It only worked 30 minutes and dropped the signal. 
I will never buy or recommend any nextbook product, because of the terrible customer service.
The screen would freeze up, the plug and tablet felt like it was overheating, the camera wasn't great. 
It lasted not quite three weeks. 
Stopped taking a charge. 
Back and forth with tech support going on 16+ days now and still will not replace or give me a refund. And of the two shirts I ordered, one was even smaller yet.
I would suggest going up a size.
My chief complaint is that they run small.
I did not notice until I washed them that both shirts have holes. 
Whoever opened the box at the warehouse or store used a nod cutter and both shirts were damaged in the same place
cheap material, XXL's SMALLER than XL's we already own.
Had to return to the store because they did not fit
The only thing it is missing is a peek a boo window.
Alot of CONS- the stroller is big and takes up most of the trunk and I have a sedan
The carseat sits WAY too far up so the baby's head leans forward the whole time!
Every time I try to release the car seat from the base in the car I have to do it several times before it finally comes out.
When she was a newborn we had the HARDEST time getting this carseat positioned right.
BUT, still had probelms with it being too upright for my little girl, even though the level indicator said it was perfect and the carseat needed to be in that position to be safe. 
The headrest in it is very cute, but it does nothing for supporting a newborns head. 
this car seat is a REAL PAIN to take apart to wash! 
I couldn't keep it clean, I couldn't get it adjusted right until she got about 6 months old (and by then she was almost too big for it). 
I was very disappointed when I noticed that it was not included when it said it was included online bundle. 
The only thing is when you use the zoom make sure the lens is clean or pictures can get blurry, and when you reach the full zoom capacity the picture starts to not looks so good but its pretty good. 
the only problem i had was with the user manual disk, it loaded really slow on my computer.
Cons: Does not include paper Manuel (on disc) Lens cover comes off easily Pictures are blurry, even with focusing they aren't the best. 
Auto Scene does not detect correct scene when used.
High quality, does not produce high quality photos.
The 'best' setting does just as good as the 'fine' or 'normal' settings.
Macro does not take clear close ups.
Screen is very grainy, pictures looks dark.
Camera is very noisy. Etc. 
The picture is O.K. although the colors are a little dull. 
The sound however is the absolute worst.
It sounds muffled no matter what settings I put it on.
At time the sound also goes in and out as if it's about to give all the way.
I bought this in May 2012 in April 2013 it would power on but there was no picture or sound.
The screen came with a smudge in the lower corner.
Very dissatisfied with customer service and will never purchase anything that is made by them.
The signs of something going wrong before it totally messed up was when you tried to power it on, the blue LED on front showed it on but only remained as black screen.
We could not power it off on the TV button nor the remote so we had to unplug it from the wall.
This Sceptre TV was awesome.. truly it was...but it died so quickly even though this TV was hardly ever used.
only had this Tv for 2 months and the picture has already gone out. 
Cannot run anything that requires FLASH
I personally wish that it had a better camera. 8mp is ok but all the newer cameras do much better than this
Sometimes I think the camera can be sluggish.
Battery life is generally good unless you have wifi or mobile data on then it just sucks it down quickly.
The S960C runs on Sprint, which has give me trouble from day 1. 
And what they sent me was a cheep replacement.
I have not blasted the sound because I live in a retirement community but I have tested it to a pretty high volume and it's got some punch
The problem I have with this is the huge spikes in volume that occur without warning between ads or live broadcasts. 
The issues I've had with this unit are not able to get the TV remote to work the volume control and not having indication as to the level of sound or bass.
If you have offset seating it will sound terrible as the sound only travels straight. 
There were just two things missing that would have made this sound base good, and those two things are bass and treble! 
Very poor sound when you turn it up it get distorted
It's true the lamp is beautiful and brings a lot to a room, but it is flimsy
No matter what I do, I can't stop it from leaning - it does NOT stand straight!
And it kept tilting to one side. 
I could hardly screw in the light bulb because the metal was bent. 
Got the lamp and it was cracked.
As a couple of other people rated the bottom doesn't fit properly and the lamp leans badly
The scan function is also very loud and not good quality. 
This is absolutely the hardest printer I have ever tried to print pictures from, half to find tech support to be able to get four photos on one sheet.
There was no cord to connect the printer to a computer therefore I was unable to use the computer for any of my home computers.
Went to set up this printer, got 90% done, and then was told I had to go out and BUY A SEPARATE CORD! 
The woman on the line was VERY rude and came to no help at all
Extremely fragile.
Parts mixing out of the box.
The box was missing key parts... like the rim!
This product is very cheaply made.
The pipes were stuck together and we couldn't get them apart and it was very light weight.
Terrible directions on how to put together!!
When I connected this to my relatively new 12v car battery, it never reached the green light stage indicating full charge.
The thickness of the socks were great,but the size I got fit my 9 year granddaughter.
Only downside is the paper feed tends to jam if scanning in large receipts.