Expensive for what you get.
we were told very offhandedly that they had no Washington wines.
Therefore, rooms are a little small.
Room was suppose to be a queen, but was actually a full.
the noise level at night from my neighbors was way too loud.
The service was slow and the room had a funny smell.
The staff made me feel like an unwelcome visitor not a special guest.
No wifi service although they advertise there is?
The rooms are small, and the view from our window was not great.
I would not recommend this hotel for a big group or family, since the public spaces tend on the small side.
The rooms were small, but the hotel was built in the early 1900.
Our first room smelt fusty and unclean, the second room smelt like a brewery!
Bed lumpy and uncomfortable.
It sucks that the room key is one big advertisement for some pizza company, and that there is advertising and overbearing signage in the room, but I guess this is to be expected for a major chain.
The bed was hard as a rock.
It was like sleeping on planks of wood.
They wouldn't give me my money back for the unused second night.
I was also disappointed and extremely surprised that they didn't have Room Service.
Tired looking hotel and room.
Dirty towel in bathroom when we checked in.
Room did not smell fresh.
Dirty dish left on the floor in the hall across from our room, for the 3 days we were there.
Male desk clerk not friendly.
We asked if there was any family restaurants near the hotel and he rudely said, a pizza place down the street and the hotel restaurant.
100% non smoking hotel but people in rooms near our room smoking marijuanna and the stink was everywhere.
I have chronic asthma and 3 small children and this was not acceptable by any standards.
Way overpriced for what we got.
That's fine but when I got in the room, the place was smelling so badly of food perhaps from the previous guest.
Needless to say, it was freezing and damp since it was still raining (it was in early June).
Extremely unfriendly staff.
The hallways could use a bit of an uplift and should be cleaned.
It is in a bit of a weird area, right next to a major road.
The hotel is a bit dated on the exterior and the neighborhood is undergoing a bit of much needed regentrification.
The hotel charges $15 a night for parking and while that is a huge pet peeve of mine I was aware of it going in and it only annoyed me to the point of mentioning it here.
Really, tack on $20 to the price of the room and get rid of the charge, its silly.
There's a club in the neighbourhood as already mentioned before, and we also had some noise of it during one night.
they could not find my reservation.
altought the rooms are clean, the hotel is 80ies style and obviously was not renovated since then.
the windows in my room were so leaky that you could hear people talking and the traffic the whole night long.
another sideeffect: it got terribly cold at night.
the heater - from the 80ies as well - could not really solve the problem.
No respect for teenagers.
My Son arrived only to find that they would not rent a room to him.
I think that it is discrimination to the teenagers, as they would not rent to them with our approval, written or verbal.
Let the decent kids have a good place to stay, no you treat them like scum and you wonder why our kids are the way they are today.
The hallways kind of scared me upon getting off the elevator because it seemed pretty dingy.
they need to do some steam cleaning or something - I would not want to walk around on bare feet!
The people at the front desk can be a little nicer but that really wasn't a big deal to us.
Parking was expensive -- $15/night -- but you can park on the street for free with no problem.
I had one major qualm with this motel, and that was that my non-smoking room was by no means truly smoke-free.
You can't take a room that has been smoked in for 30 years, spray it with some sort of chemical that's supposed to neutralize the air, plop a no smoking sign down on the dresser, and call it a non-smoking room.
After 5 minutes in the room, it was clear that it had been smoked in for years, and within an hour, my throat was raw and my eyes were burning from the residual smoke and chemicals.
The smoking issue is too bad -- because otherwise this motel is a good value for the price.
A little far out of the downtown area to walk, and free downtown shuttle bus didn't begin until 9 a.m.
The front desk staff weren't particularly friendly.
The corridors were dark and smelt of steam cleaned carpet.
The room was large and clean, but clearly looked like an older property that went through a makeover, with some key areas not updated (hallways and lobby).
I stayed on the highway side and the road noise from I10 was rather distracting (I like to sleep with open windows - there is no noise with the windows closed).
This isn't the level of property I like to stay in, but the friendly staff, convenient location and price point makes up for some of the short comings.
Seemed like it could have a nice cleaning.
Our room was somehow connected to another room (which we didn't want or realize at first. Our first night there no one was in the room next to us, but the next night people were there).
That it made it very uncomfortable when we could hear and see the shadows of the peoples feet next to us under the door.
They shouldn't give you suites unless you actually pay for that, otherwise it makes for uncomfortable situations.
Overall, probably wouldn't stay there again, because there are so many other options in the Phoenix area.
It was a sparcely furnished, huge room with a flat, planklike bed, a small sofa and a chair, a desk and a TV cabinet, and even with all of that in there, the place seemed cavernously empty.
Old, OLD drapes and bedspread, and in that whole humongous room, one teeny little picture on the wall made it look uncomfortably spartan.
The whole room slanted towards one wall, and one morning when I opened up my drapes a bit past the window, I found a huge crack in the wall.
Seems like the whole place is on it's way to toppling!
Another friend had a shower head that was hanging off the wall.
On arrival, the main elevators in the lobby weren't working and it took most of the next day for them to be fixed... so we had to use the freight elevator to get our stuff up to our rooms.
The restaurant takes the prize for the world's worst breakfast buffet and service.
One morning I sat there for 20 minutes and no one even came around for a drink order.
No coffee... thank heavens I was able to scrounge some up at the conference.
Their was no HOT WATER!
The beds are very hard.
No wifi only in the hotel lobby.
If you get a suite with a stove dont except dishes, pots and pans they do not provide them you have to buy your own.
My trip was paid for in advance and they charged me a second time.
I have been trying to get a refund for over 2 weeks now and they are non-responsive.
No internet access except for a kiosk in the lobby which I found shocking, considering even the Super 8 offered free wireless the last time we stayed there.
Rooms were on the dumpy side and the hallways and elevator screamed run down.
The pictures on the website are deceptive - it is not look that glamorous or elegant.
The shower head was hanging off the wall.
Under the bathroom sink where another metal pipe should have been was a rubber pipe, like one would use in your car.
The a/c didn't work properly, and neither did the bath water.
The beds aren't comfortable either.
This place is run down, dirty and loud.
Lobby is old and dated.
Rooms smelled like mildew.
Beds were old and uncomfortable.
Rooms, beds, and bedding need to be remodeled.
Very dated - like walking back in time to the 70's.
Rooms are large but very plain, with furnishings and fixtures as cheap as possible.
The hotel shows its age and badly needs refurbishing.
Bathroom sink was on a slight slant because it was pulling out of the wall.
None of the business center computers worked the entire time of my stay
Nonrefundable deposit
What a disappointment that this beautiful hotel is in such a poor part of the city.
There are 4 or 5 hotels in the same price range that are much nicer and cleaner.
the place is that of a flop house and has a terrible odor dorm rooms are bigger
this is a terrible place just a flop house if you dont mind dirty teeny room that smells with broken funiture then this would be the place for you..
Tiny old rooms!
This is a BB for backpackers and tight budget.
Really small rooms!!
Shabby carpets and the painting was peeling of the walls.
No toilet/bath at the room, just a sink and a broken mirror.
TV Very loud between the rooms...
You can go down to fisherman's wharf.
Too expensive for this standard!!!!
very much ok maybe a little to expensive
We were upgraded without our knowledge and then charged for it.
There are many comfortable and clean hotels in New York that have a number of guest services and can be had for less money if you merely take the time to shop on the internet at any of a number of web sites.
I'd say don't stay here if you want a quiet, relaxing, temperature-controlled night's sleep!
If you are looking for a clean well-maintained hotel, you might not be so happy with this one.
People laughed, screamed and rode the very noisy elevator (just outside our room) all night long.
The carpets were dirty.
The fridge didn't work.
The night clerk was incredibly rude.
When we took our complaints to the manager he very flippantly dismissed them and didn't offer to reduce our bill in any way.
unfortunately there are bed bugs!
Our room stank of smoke, it was in the sheets and the pillows.
The 'renovation' it had undergone was very superficial as the fittings were still all 40 years old.
The rooms were very noisy, the stairways dark and dingy, and we didn't feel very secure.
your stuff will not be returned
This hotel DEFINATELY has bed bugs.
The rooms were run-down and shabby.
The carpeting was stained and dirty.
The furniture scratched.
The cushions and decorative pillows stained.
The front desk was rude.
And the parking was several blocks from the hotel.
We were not offered a parking discount for this inconvenience.
This hotel doesn't really have a lobby, very poor setup.
