however the portion size was a little small. Food prices were slightly higher then what I felt they should be for a restaurant of this calaber, although I didn't feel that it was outrageous.
Not the greatest part of the city to be in and parking is impossible on their residential one way street 
The restaurant is a bit out of the way and inconvenient for me. 
First of all, the entrees are supposed to come with a salad and garlic bread but mine did not.
Maybe it is because my friend got pizza or something; who knows, but I was looking forward to that salad and it never came. 
Anyways, the dish was a lot smaller than I expected. It was definitely filling, but I guess I just expected a ridiculous portion for some reason.
When I got my bill, I noticed that the menu price and the price on my bill didn't match. 
When I brought it up, I was given only part of the overcharge back in cash, and then I was told to "hush". 
Also, I received my 3 poached eggs quite oddly presented - in a side cup with a significant amount of residual water.
Very small parking lot and equally small dining area
My steak burrito was a little lacking in beef.
However, they should be moving to a bigger spot soon and I can't wait!
Normally I'm pretty tolerant to spicy foods but all I could taste was spicy.
Parking can be crazy, as can the wait. 
Unfortunately, the spicy sauce was very overwhelming and I wasn't able to embrace all the flavors of the torta, especially the avocado spread and the meat.
I'll be back, but won't be getting Thai Tea again.
The quality of the corned beef is just not there.  
It's a little thin and a little tough for my taste.  
I'm not even sure they're curing it in-house.  
It seems like mass produced deli meat (think Boar's Head, etc) instead of what I look for in corned beef, which is thicker slices and tender crumbling meat.  
Some of that connective tissue needs to be softened and the fat should be partially rendered and buttery.  
Horrible service. 
Worst customer service ever!!!
I ordered the Caesar chicken wrap which was ok until I got to the wing bone, and my wife and daughter shared a broccoli cheddar breadbowl, which was good until my daughter chewed on some sort of plastic wrapper that was in the soup. 
To top it off the staff all stood around ignoring us while they finished talking. 
Feeling sick already.
If you love traditional, anchovy-laden caesar dressing, you'll probably be disappointed.
I ordered the mile-high lasagna and was very dismayed to find it riddled with caraway seeds. 
The shrimp were obviously ordered and deep fried- not fresh. 
The orange sauce did not complement the shrimp whatsoever, so I ate them plain. 
Service could have been better, seems like our server was in training and didn't know what she was doing.
I ordered the crab stuffed shrimp, being in a seafood kind of mood what with all the water. Big mistake. 
The shrimp were stuffed with a paste-like goo that I'm not kidding was gray. 
I have a rule about gray food, it shouldn't exist. 
Auntie had the whitefish or something that was as bland as the restricted menu at a hospital.
My husband had a perch sandwich that was bland and I had pulled pork that seemed like it was 'old'.  
The texture was mushy.  
They don't offer coleslaw which is strange. 
The food takes forever and its never consistant. 
The waitress can make all the difference in a dining experience but this women had no place serving the public she was aloof and more interested in hanging with her friends then she was serving tables. 
They came to the table cold and only contained four scallops the size of nickels for $14!!!
They were over cooked and tasted old. 
I can honestly say the service we received was awful the waitress barked the specials at us like a drill instructor. 
It was flavorless. 
It seemed as though they use the same chicken across the board, so it's not seasoned for individual dishes. 
It was just sauteed in  butter, which didn't taste like anything at all. 
It wasn't grilled or fried either, so its consistency was pretty boring for me. 
The cream sauce in my dish was heavy and didn't pack much taste. 
I was hoping for some hints of garlic or cheese or Italian... but no. 
It just tasted like boring chicken in boring heavy cream sauce with boring fettuccine pasta. 
The cheese melted on top was really good, but it wasn't enough to save the dish.
He complained it didn't have any taste or flavor besides "spicy." 
He said the pasta was well-cooked and it looked nice, but it didn't taste as good as it looked. 
The tomatoes and green onions didn't add much to the dish, so he was disappointed.
At least it was supposed to be a spicy pasta dish. 
It arrived on our table very cold. 
It was almost as if it was microwaved, but not warmed up enough. 
My wife honestly never sends food back, but in this instance the food was just not edible. 
It also had ZERO spice and was completely bland. 
First of all, this is a pub not a fancy restaurant. 
They do have a back sitting area that is away from the bar but is very old looking and outdated.
We decided to re-visit this spot, however, something was definitely off.....especially the potato skins.... I was very disappointed.....
My burger was very bland tasting, tasted like there was no seasoning what so ever, my fries tasted like shoe string fries you buy in a grocery store, with no salt on them. 
My wife said her french dip tasted like garlic, not sure if it was the bread, the beef or the juice, but she said it was over powering, and she also disliked the fries. 
Very dissapointed .
The server was awkward and made my fiance's daughter cry because she asked when her food was going to come out and she said "It's not, I forgot to tell them about it." 
Not the place to go with a large (6 plus) group.  
Problems every time with cold food,  steaks not done right, or being seated and not eating for an hour and a half.  
Manager Scott just does not seem to care, and that is the reason I am writing this. . 
I commented that I hope they got one that could could cook steaks correctly since we love eating there and that we bring new people there.
No hostess. 
The manager was seating folks, but he was running around like a chicken with its head cut off and we waited a good five minutes until he finally acknowledged us.
Lack of food. 
They were out of the perch and the dessert I wanted. 
Messed up order. 
I ordered the filet and I'm 99% sure they gave me a sirloin instead. 
I was hungry and didn't feel like raising a stink, but it's kind of annoying to pay $20 for a $12 menu item.
poor service. long wait.
Maybe with more choices to chose from, and good tasting food it would be something to brag about, this use to be one of my favorite restaurants, and maybe at a different location it still is, but at this location everything's mediocre, and lacking too much.
Went there on a few occasions and the place is ALWAYS dirty! 
The food is on par with microwave dinners, and the prices are ridiculous for what you get. 
Lobsters deserve better than this. 
Terrible, brought my mom for her birthday, got all you can eat shrimp when special was going on food was cold.  
Frys looked like they were yesterday's.    
Everything tasted like butter or salt no other favors! 
Nothing tasted fresh..  
Maybe it was just a bad batch, or something, but the Snow crab legs (we ordered an additional pound of it without knowing how they'd be) were quite disappointing.  
I'm a fan of crab legs and have fun cracking them; however, the snow crab legs there weren't very fresh and I found myself somewhat disappointed. 
Service is poor and doesn't matter if there's a game on, or busy. 
The service is so terrible. 
Boneless wings are always hard and old.
The strips tasted like they were frozen and heated in the oven. 
They were salty too. 
Worst service I've ever received. 
Drinks were watered down and took over 20 minutes to make.
Appetizer took 45 minutes to come out
Had to ask for water 3 times before our table got any
Every other table got seated with bread, except for ours. We had to ask for it.
Ordered salad with my steak. The salad was never brought
Ordered my steak medium and it was well done.
The baked potato was overdone, the steak was extremely dry, and everything was lukewarm.
I'm sitting here right now and just embarrassed that they offer no bread, slow on refills and no fried onion. 
No plates with our sampler appetizer. 
We will however never order anything with the lobster tail again. 
It took a long time before we got our food. 
When it did come my husband's order was wrong.
Seriously lacking as a beer bar. 
The food really wasn't that great at all, and the wait staff didn't really tend to their guests as they should. 
We did a lot of waiting around for our waitress and witnessed some really unprofessional behavior while there. 
We definitely won't be returning.
But this last time the waiter was horrible!!
Old Chicago changed their pizza menu and it's definitely not as good.  
Their new "Tavern style" pizza is basically a less-good version of their NY-style pizza (which they no longer sell).  
Both mine and my friend's pizzas were really salty.  
One of my biggest food-service pet peeves is staff who don't know what they're talking about. 
I assume this is so you are tempted into drinking enough beer so that you do not notice how bad the pizza is.
The sausage is super weird and leaves a terrible aftertaste.
This place is the worst. 
Their customer service was shotty and was acting aggressive when asked to repeat an order.
There call service sucks and is assholes fuck them they suck.
Awful service stick to delivery if you have to actually deal with anyone in the store you'd probably want to punch them.
Although I have been ordering DP Dough for over 7 years, they have really turned me off recently. 
They have been rude, or noticeably annoyed/bothered when I placed an order for delivery over the phone and chose to pay with a credit card. 
Their drivers delivered to the wrong address multiple times, even after I clarified where I was following the first few mistakes. 
One driver barely said a word to me after I greeted him with friendly words, and ended up handing me a fairly burnt Ranch Buffer.
When I complained they said it would be another 30mins if I wanted to wait for a diff table... really?  
And the chips and salsa are always really old tasting.
Below average food, I had cold soup...
This place is absolutely  horrible,  to the service to the food. 
Prices are high management  and Staff slow and rude. 
Don't touch the Ziosk !!!!  You will be charged$1.99 for everything you do.  
Our waitress got it taken off but very disappointed we had to go through the process. 
The place was dirty when we came in on a Sunday evening at 6 pm. 
She didn't know how to service our one year old who was with us. 
This is NOT Chicago style pizza.
The seats had crumbs on them and table was sticky, I did ask to have it wiped off after we were sat.
Slow service at lunchtime, the lettuce was brown, and the soup was ok, but not worth what they charge. 