My 10+ year old upright bit the dust. 
For years I have used a canister vacuum with total satisfaction
I have used Hoover for years and been very happy.
I wanted a bagged one not to deal with dust.
Live alone and only need to really vacuum about twice a month. 
It will be easier for me to tell you the one downside I have found rather than go on and on about all the positives. 
Because at this price point getting a tablet with only a front facing camera is the norm. 
So any rear facing camera at all can be only positive. 
After returning two Samsung Tab 3's for overheating issues I just took a shot, long story short, no more Samsungs. 
So I had to return it.
I purchased a hisense and I will see how that works. 
I am hoping it will be better
Not walmarts fault! 
The only way you can get around this is to downgrade back to Jelly Bean or download custom ROMs from xda-developers website.
We got this one because her Filemate X2 7" tablet screen got cracked. 
We decided to go with the 8" Nextbook this time around. 
Although my 9 yr old daughter could care less about viewing angles, I figured that another "crack" at the Filemate X2 was in order. 
So we returned the Nextbook on day 14 and received a full refund (thank you WalMart). 
The Filemate X2 has only a dual core processor.....but it does boast an IPS screen which provides better viewing angles.
 They finally called us and said that they would replace it, but we would be responsible for the shipping. 
 We sent it back on 2-27-14 and we didn't receive the replacement until 4-28-14.
 After waiting 2 months, we finally received the replacement. 
 we told the service rep. that we had high speed cable Wi-Fi and that our wireless desk top, two smart phones, two lap tops and our roku all worked perfectly on this system. 
 He instructed us to restore it to the factory settings and try again. 
 We have sent customer service another e mail and a phone message, explaining our problem. 
I returned it and bought a samsung galaxy 4 somewhere else which was 100 dollars more but so worth it.
Never left our home or was in the elements or dropped.
It had a high quality case and was taken care of properly.
Tech support emailed me info on how to factory reset it but still not working. 
I have not washed them yet so I cannot comment on whether or not they shrink hopefully they will not.
wash them in cold water ( not too much soap) and hang dry if possible or dry on low. 
My sons shirts from last school year almost look the same as the new ones. 
While other brands were looser this brand was tighter.
So I would recommend buying a size larger than needed.
When you order an online product you're never quite sure what you are going to get. 
When I First Purchased This i Was Scared It Was Going To Be Hard. 
I Did It By Myself At 36 Weeks Pregnant. 
I have been watching this item for a long time.
I was worried to see that the bundles or coordinating items were going out of stock. 
I am 36 weeks and was so excited that i did it myself. 
 I was upset with all the other reviews saying that it was returned cuz it was too light and felt cheap. 
  In the description it clearly says that the car seat is 25% lighter than leading car seats!
My daughter is only 7 weeks old and her shoulders are almost to the point where she will already need another car seat. 
We had to buy a separate one for $12. 
I picked up my items at the Walmart store and it was very convenient for pickup. 
The staff was very friendly and I received my items quickly with no wait.
It also has a manual mode for those who know what they are doing.
I am an experienced photographer and have bought many cameras previous to this one. 
I have worked with everything from a 1955 canon IID2 all the way up to a brand new Nikon digital SLR camera. 
I currently own a Samsung 10.3 megapixel with 4x zoom
However, even though my Samsung is out of date as far as mp, it is a better camera. 
 It is one of those camera to get the most out of you really need to read the manual it on a disk by the way, which most people refuse to do so they write bad reviews.
  I've done all my research before I purchased this phone.
We tried to order two bundles that contained a phone, a case and a $50 gift card. 
I had a Samsung Galaxy s And it worked for about 9 months they did send replacement that worked for another 9 months.
Samsung also has a large number of third party developers that create custom firmwares for their phones.
These third party firmwares offer users all sorts of flavors of android. 
Had a LG sound bar that was much better then then the tv's speakers.
I purchased this unit after I was looking for a sound bar to replace the one for my new office 40inc.
I do have a Home theater system about 7 years old.
I actually returned it two days after it was delivered.
I needed a floor lamp badly and money was tight. 
This lamp is as advertised. 
I bought this lamp because I had one just like it for several years and it broke during moving. 
The lack of a USB cable was no big deal since I have many lying around from past printers. 
What do you really expect for $30?
NO need to spend $150 to $200 on a starter hoop for kids
I have three kids that love to play basketball and when the last one broke I knew I would have to find a replacement fast
Ordered this product with Walmart online as a birthday gift.
Nothing special about this ball.
I had read all the reviews for this tent, on the national pages.
I was overwelmed by the number of positive reviews.
I've always been a fan of Rachael Ray so I wanted to try her product. 
I purchased this set in the store. 
First off I have never bought a nonstick cookware set, I've always bought all stainless steal cookware.
So I gave them to her.
Every year this time we replenish our "sock-supply".
We ordered Men's socks, Boy's socks, and women's socks.
This is my second purchase of a go pro.
I had a Fujitsu 1500 at work and purchased the 1300 for home.
I recently had to send my scanner to be repaired.
Ordered 14 days ago and still don't have so can't review product but can review service.
Received GPS device couple weeks ago.
