After reading mixed reviews, I decided to still try the product. 
I have used argan oil before and wanted to find a new oil cleanser. 
I bought this straightener and the Ghd Eclipse to see which one I liked better!
I really want to like Anastasia’s Contour Kit, but there are numerous disappointments. 
I wanted over a year for this to finally be able to buy it since it was always on backorder/outofstock.
I began learning to contour simply with concealer and a bronzer. 
I wanted to expand my experience with a contour kit. 
I just bought this at an airport a couple of weeks ago after my friend tried some on. 
I was so hesitant to purchase this due to my oily skin. 
My skin didn't get over oily and honestly the coverage is great a little goes a long way! 
I was fearful it might be too sheer not at all. 
I have dark spots and acne scarring with huge pores. 
It's so hard for me to find a match having fair skin with yellow undertones. 
I will update this review after I've tried the foundation on my skin. 
I can hardly wait!
 I wanted to love this from all the reviews. 
 I have been using this foundation ever since it came out, maybe 5 or 6 years ago. 
 I also use this along with another one of their products that's a bronzing liquid. mix them together, apply and glow!
 I have tried this foundation two separate times, a few months apart. 
 I normally do not have sensitive skin AT ALL. 
 I was a bit hesitant because I typically use powder foundations. 
 Based on the reviews I went to Sephora, did a skin IQ and ordered this. 
 It is quite sheer which is fine but it isn't really buildable like I was told. 
I was looking for something natural and moisturizing, and a Sephora associate recommended this. 
 or who wants to here a awesome trick.!!
put a drop of foundation on ur lips to make them look almost washed out and then add this on top!! 
and u have a beautiful pale pink lip to go!!!
perfect for spring time!
I rarely get a single pimple. 
This would be a great foundation for older women with drier skin, but those with oily skin should avoid purchasing it.That said, you don't need a lot of it to really cover your face. so, if you find a color that works for you, it's worth the price. 
 1st started using the Anastasia's Brow Powder Duo kit last year. 
 I was looking for something natural and moisturizing, and a Sephora associate recommended this.'
 My lips dry easily and look very pale. 
 I was apprehensive about purchasing it because I read several reviews saying it wasn't good for oily skin and lacked staying power.
 I have oily skin, although at 39, my skin isn't as oily as it once was. 
 Let's just say I use blotting papers within 4 hours of applying foundation to control my t-zone oiliness now....and touch up with powder every 6-7.
I would recommend getting a color test because I typically wear the lightest cool or neutral available, but ordered a 3.75 in this and will need at least a 4.75 for summer.
I usually wear eyeliner (both liquid or gel) as well as eyeshadow and mascara. When I wash my face at night my makeup will come off but the eye area won't get as clean as the rest of my face.
I got this for xmas and I was so excited because I really wanted it.
Bought it with the 20% off coupon in November because everyone raves about it. 
