As a Travel Agent, I've stayed at quite a few hotel, but this is the only Historic hotel so far...
I've aready sent my folk there for a stay have told others.
We attend Seahawks and Mariners games and this hotel is within walking distance of both.
It is 2 blocks from the Washington State Ferry terminal so we can walk across the ferry and walk directly to the hotel.
We chose BW Pioneer Square in Seattle because it was the closest to the Amtrak station and we had a one night layover between trains.
My morning walk took me to Pioneer Square itself and to the Seattle city hall, both within three blocks.
We had just arrived in downtown Seattle after debarking from the Bremerton ferry during the evening rush hour.
Negotiating traffic in the rain was somewhat nerve-racking, so when we entered the hotel lobby, we probably looked bedraggled.
The desk clerk immediately assessed our mental state, giving us a warm welcome and attending to the details of checking us in efficient order.
This is an old hotel in the original part of Seattle.
For almost 2 years - almost on a weekly basis work takes me to downtown Seattle and I always stay at the Best Western Pioneer Square.
Only a few blocks from Safeco and Quest field, Pikes Place Market; a block to the water and 6 blocks to the international district for an incredible selection of authentic Asian restaurants.
We have called this hotel home for 3-4 nights once a year for the past five years.
You can walk to Safeco for ballgames, walk to Pike Market, the Art Museum, the library, three book stores, and you are right on the waterfront.
You walk up half a block and catch a free bus to anywhere, walk down a block to the waterfront and catch the ferry to one of the islands.
We stayed here for a girls' trip in a standard double double.
This is a very old and colorful area.
Yesler Way where this hotel is location is on the original skid row.
This was orginally a muddy road that logs were dragged (skidded) up to get to Yesler's mill.
Thus, the term skid row was was given to this area.
Loggers and millworkers being lonely at times liked to frequent the business that sprung up around this area.
They also got a bit thirsty!!!
I previously lived in Seattle for about 15 years.
Was looking for a hotel close to the train station, by the bus stop, and close to the waterfront.
You step out the door of the hotel and turn left walk about a block and your at the ferry terminal on the waterfront.
You walk out the hotel door and practically next door is the bus stop for FREE bus service within the Downtown core.
The Klondike Gold Rush museum is also in the area.
They sometimes offer free walking tours that include a trip to the top of the Smith Tower (originally the tallest building on the West Coast).
If you walk north up 1st Ave about 6-7 blocks at the Seattle Art Museum (SAM) and the Pike Place Market.
We got in about 9pm and walked to the waterfront.
A gentle 'sorry, can't help' to any beggars was enough.
The next day we found a McDonalds on the next street and many more restaurants 2 streets over.
We paid, with hotel/parking, about $550.00 canadian dollars for 2 nights.
This hotel is nothing special but it is not bad either.
Located near space needle, Seattle center and monorail.
It's a few blocks away from Belltown so there isn't much happening in the immediate vicinity except for construction.
I tried the Spitfire on 4th and Bell and the Frontier room on 1st and Blanchard.
We stayed at this hotel for the Seeds of Compassion Event in April 2008. We needed a central location for Seattle Center/UW/Qwest Field.
Parking was $15 per night, reasonable for Seattle standards and as a Crown Club Member, our parking was front door center...
we also got to leave our car for the day we checked out.
We were told this could only be arranged during office hours.
I can make purchases online, but somehow I could not even place my credit card as security for the price of the room and other expenses.
And I'm not all that sensitive to smoke, having grown up with a parent who was a smoker.
The hotel has a bar also.
Ask to stay at the mountain side of the hotel instead of the highway side.
I was looking for an above-average traveler's hotel for a one-night stay.
Nothing is especially terrible or unacceptable about this hotel.
My boyfriend and I arrived at the Edward II Inn late at night after an awful journey from New York and having lost some important luggage.
Stayed in a room with shared bathroom facilities.
