This is an old school authentic Italian home style cooking restaurant. 
It's in the middle of a neighborhood surrounded only by homes. 
There's a random driveway with valet and this gem of a spot. 
This place is a small tiny little house in the middle of the block and you would never know it was there.
Once you get inside, you'll see it's an old school style place, with some regulars at the bar and a number of tables able to accommodate parties from 2 to 20 (one time I went in I think there was an even bigger table, heh).
have'nt been to Laico's in over 10 years.
My friend and I came here for a supper early dinner (or maybe late lunch) on a Saturday.
There were a few people eating, but it wasn't crowded.
As others have mentioned, it is in a residential neighborhood. 
They have a small parking lot and I guess they offer valet parking, but I just parked my car myself.I ordered the veal and eggplant parmesan and my friend got a sausage pizza. 
I recently came here with a party of 9, a group which included elderly people and babies. 
I called ahead and asked how long the wait would be if we were to arrive in 10 minutes.  
They said 10-15 minutes but that they do not reservations.  
We figured that wasn't a long wait at all, given that we were 9 people looking for Sunday brunch. 
The food was just okay.
I've worked in the food service industry before and I can appreciate that. 
I frequently get takeout here for lunch, and sometimes i've even had it twice in one day when my family wanted to have it for dinner on the same day I had it for lunch! 
Definitely recommend getting it to go when school is in session and weather is nice, because it's quite crowded at lunch.
A tiny spot on Green St just before the main part of Campus Town.
Huge burritos, tortas, tostadas, flautas, etc, with some tacos and other various Mex offerings.
The space is mostly bar counter service, and shoulder to shoulder.
Ordering ahead is an option especially when it is busy hours but I always seem to forget to do that.I grabbed a menu and took nearly 5 minutes to decide what I wanted. 
I wanted to try a little bit of everything but still order what I usually would. 
I finally decided on the Torta Aghoada (asada) and a Taco Americano (pastor). 
They have real Mexican sodas like Jaritos and Coca Cola (made with cane sugar, not high fructose corn syrup as in the US recipe).
I would not recommend choosing something off the menu wall blindly.
The crab rangoon were okay, not great, but okay.
The vegetable dumplings just okay. The dumpling skins themselves seemed very, very thin, causing them to tear when we tried to pick them up. 
The shrimp dumplings had mixed reviews (between my S.O. and me). I thought they were okay, but my S.O. was not a fan.
While they can seat quite a few, it can get pretty busy.
There is a small table with lots of menus available.
One dish is definitely big enough to split between two people as the portions are rather generous.
The steamed fish indicates the chefs are not Cantonese but unless you are, you will just enjoy good fish.
This particular visit, we ordered their specialty tofu dish with soy sauce and scallions, a pork soup, drunken shrimp, and fried rice.
Probably will drop by this place every time I visit the area. 
The amount of food for $20 could have fed two hungry adults.
My family and I ordered the crispy basil chicken, crispy tofu, spicy whole fish, and the sesame balls. 
The crispy basil chicken was okay, nothing particularly special. 
A fair warning though, the menu inside is a little different from the one online (maybe it changes?).
Also included with my take-out order was salsa and chips. 
I got 2 little cups of salsa and a small bag of chips, which was enough for me since I had ordered a pretty large amount of food, but may not be sufficient for a group of people. 
The sandwich was piled with carne asada, beans, cheese, avocado spread, lettuce sour cream and spicy sauce.
In all fairness, I was warned that it was spicy, so I can't complain about it!
I can't review everything on the menu because I only get noodles (pad sewee, pad kee Mao or pad thai)... What can I say, I'm a creature of habit... 
Be warned that even the "1" is spicy and the "2" is too spicy for my taste, but maybe I'm a whimp. 
The daily specials are 4.99 for lunch. I do wish they would mix it up.
Is often crowded for dinner but not too bad for lunch. 
It's a dinner with friends place that's full of students.
There isn't anything too special in terms of toppings for the fried rice, just onions and the main ingredient that your order (tofu, chicken, beef, and shrimp fried rice). 
Also note that shrimp fried rice is not on discount during Tuesday. 
I've gotten the 5 (out of 6) and didn't find it super spicy. Maybe they skimped out on spiciness.
I've had level 5 and level 6 meals here and I can't really tell the difference sometimes. 
My boyfriend and I came here looking for good thai iced teas and good thai food. 
My boyfriend ordered the pad kee mao.
I just found the Mother of Holy Grail when it comes to a corned beef sandwich. 
Yes, I have had my share of many, many NYC corned beef sandwiches, so I know what I am talking about here.
BTW, I did NOT receive any free-bies here. 
I did pay for my own lunch, and I'm still giving this joint 5-stars.
Hey, this isn't NYC styled corned beef. 
Of course, I had never heard of this place before. 
Upon the recommendation and high praises from the Yelp community, we decided to hit it up on Friday for lunch.
I rarely give a 5-star rating on Yelp.
This joint reminded me of the Corned Beef sandwich that I had at Ben's Best Kosher Delicatessen in Queens, NY, which is considered one of the top five deli joints in NYC for corned beef sandwiches. 
There are two kinds of people in this world - those who settle for mediocre corned beef and those who settle for award winning corned beef. 
Oftentimes, when I see a place with tons of items on their menu, I know the quality isn't going to be great. 
Chicago is a meat town!  
We were greeted at the door by a friendly lady who walked us through the menu.
Food Poisoning Cafe would be a more suitable name. 
We started with the coconut shrimp, which came out within a minute of ordering it. 
We each had a tossed salad, which was average (along with the less than average bread basket).
My mom got the scallops over spinach (it was a special that day - if you can believe that) and I got the filet mignon and we shared. 
The scallops were fishy and laying on a mound of watery spinach (which took on the fishy salty taste of the scallops) and the filet was covered in a dark sauce with sautéed onion and mushrooms.  
There was a reason they were hiding the steak.