Assembly was a snap. 
Vacuum works great on carpet and has excellent suction on bare floors.
Also excellent suction when using tools. 
Carpet height adjustment and brush on/off switch is a great feature when vacuuming small area rugs - keeps them from being sucked into the machine. 
Tools are conveniently stored on machine, easy to retrieve and use. 
Power upholstery tool with rotating brush works very well on furniture. 
Vacuum does excellent job of removing pet hair from floors and upholstery. 
It is lighter weight, has better suction and picks up pet hair very well. 
The vacuum cleaner has a lot of power and does a great job on the floor. 
Arrived quickly and was easy to assemble. 
But it is lightweight and does a good job.
If you need a tablet but cant handle a 7 inch screen this will be a huge upgrade with no more money and probably you will end up pocketing money on the deal. 
Not only does this one perform better it stays cool doing it, never went above 35C while my former Samsungs cooked themselves at 60 plus! 
This one has more features, power, screen size etc., for much less and gives nothing up to more overpriced tablets. 
Internet performance is good with no dropped signals, hdmi support is nice to have if I ever use it, sound is good but can change from file to file and movie to movie. 
Battery life is good at around 9 hours and overall unlike the Samsung this I feel was money well spent. 
Other than that, great display, quick functions, decent size and weight.
They are of good quality and the color navy is a rich deep blue they fit perfect!
Makes a great froth
Easy to use. 
Makes good espresso coffee and frothed milk well.
Beautiful product, easy to assemble (and limited assembly required). 
Great size, great colors, user friendly.
What surprised me the most was how bright the colors are! 
But The Seats Are Quite Plush. Durable, Lightweight. Very Easy To Assemble. 
 It Was The Perfect Price, And Its Very Easy To Store Away And Pop Back Up Again. 
 I ordered it and the shipping was awesome, it was sent to my house and was on time.
 I pulled everything out and it was so simple to put together!
I feel in love with the print and it is even cuter in person. 
The stroller is lighter than i thought it would be but isn't that a good thing?!
It wasn't too big either.
It's the perfect height for me at 5'7" and the perfect height for my boyfriend at 6'4".
But it meets all the safety standards so wouldn't it be a great thing that its lighter?
Car seat is well made and light weight. 
Even prettier print in person!
Stroller maneuvers well and car seat sits great in it!
Shopping experience was fast and easy!
Other than that the car seat and stroller were very easy to assemble and pleased with the results.
The picture quailty is great and the 19 scene modes are really helpful in the sunset pi I uploaded it really does an excellent job of ehacing the colors. 
 The same applies for sport mode I got great pics out of a car moving 60 mph+ in that mode. 
The flash is great as well as the night scene mode.
 it's not just a simple point and shoot and has a manual mode that can do just about anything. 
 I have Parkinson's so the stability feature is great for my shaky hands. 
 Also I run a Paranormal group which relies greatly on our videos and still shots, this camera is perfect.
 Crystal clear still shots and perfect video.
 It takes gorgeous pictures if you play with the settings.
It has incredible features that make the camera super easy to use whether you know how to take a great picture or not, and all features can be turned on and off. 
As long as you read the guide and learn how to properly use the camera it is easy to use. 
All of my photos were sharp and the color was fabulous. 
All functions are easy to use. 
Comes with lens cover Battery compartment locks to stay closed. 
before I go on got to say the panoramic mode is very cool and easy to use.
its a great tv I'm a hugh gamer (xbox360) the tv size measures 31.5 (a cross) and 19.3 measuring (downwards) the tv is very clear and has great sound for the price I was expecting something average because of the name but it was everything I needed what really helped me most on picking
The picture is nice and the sound is loud.
Larger easily readable screen, Multi-window if you are into that, loads of customizations, and this thing is really surprisingly durable
I have dropped it more times than I care to admit and it hasn't cracked or become damaged.
xcellent signal for at&t and Verizon and T-mobile too
I love that I can just talk this phone instead of typing in the keypad to send a text messages.
GPS is excellent service never lose signal with this phone. 
With that being said, I love this phone, and Straight Talk!
The Samsung Galaxy S3 is capable of 4G LTE connectivity.
This was my first sound base, I was pleasantly surprised at the sound quality.
But after getting this sound base there is no comparison,sound base has much fuller sound better bass, plus putting the tv on it takes up less room. 
Fills the room just great, and it works well with the optical cord, in addition to the blueetooth... Made very well and great quality...
 It is perfect the sound is fantastic for what this is.
The music sounds great and it has blue tooth. 
The sound exceeded my expectations.
Went together easily, stands straight, solid base...beautiful shade. 
Very pretty, easy to assemble. 
It prints,scans and copies in high quality. 
I home school my 6th grader and this allows me to print and scan what I need inexpensively.
All in all we are very happy with this purchase, the price, the quality and the service that we got, I recommend this hoop to anyone looking for a hoop that it is good enough for theirr kids to play and enjoy at a very good price.
The perfect size to start learning basketball skills.
The Battery Tender is good for recharging batteries safely. 
The unit has a very compact, well built, US made feel to it.
They are easy to use, perform flawlessly, and meet every expectation for keeping my automobile batteries fully charged while the vehicles are in storage. 
Compact design and solid construction make it top in class. 
Automatic feature make it no fail.
These socks look nice, they aren't too thick or thin, and are just the right size. 
With this 3rd edition + gopro made a wonderful improvement with the image at night and with the sound. 
This version is smaller, with better battery life.
Scanning the documents in was very easy and I love that it scans in two sided.
Scans both sides at once, simple feed system. 
 I love how it scans both sides of my document at a time. 
Very easy to use and scans directly to Evernote where I like to store my documents.
The computer is light years faster than my uncle's previous unit and he is delighted.
The highs are very smooth. 
The bass is great.
To keep this simple, these are very decent headphones with nice bass, large ear cups that fit over lobes and cancel outside noise very well, and overall exceptionally clear audio.
Muffles sound very well. 
Slim and compact, but large enough to see everything, even at night. 
I love the features of this TomTom, you can change voices and change cars.
It has lifetime updates plus bluetooth, voice recognition capability to ensure that his hands are free and he can focus on driving not worrying about his cell and missing an important call.
It really chills my room.
And it really cooled down the room, and very quickly!
It runs so quietly and cools my entire apartment. 
Excellent quality, lightweight on wrist..comfortable strap should fit up to 81/2' wrist no problem.
light weight , great design. 
I was impressed with the bright, vibrant colors during the store demo, so bought this unit to replace a smaller bedroom TV.
Picture is as good as any and setup was a breeze. 
The Energizer 9 volt battery out performs the others by many hours !
It fits my MacBook 13" perfectly and is nicely padded.
Sturdy and well crafted.
It is the right size to fit in a small space. 
These shoes fit well and feel good . 
