Your right on the water front near the ferry's and great sea food restraunts,and still with'in walking distance for great blues and jazz music.
The staff for this hotel are excellent,they make you feel right at home.
The breakfast was great.
We did'nt have to travel far to have a good cup of JOE and a light meal to start our adventurous day off into one of the most beautifull city's in america.
This hotel is in an area that makes it easy to get to any place you want to go and still find your way back, I highly recomend this hotel for your next visit to seattle.
The decor is beautiful, the lobby furniture fits the time period is still comfy.
The city view rooms are great - love the little balconies.
Great breakfast, nice people, great location - The Seattle Underground Tours is a 1/2 block away.
Great location for sporting events.
The hotel staff is always friendly, rooms are very clean and the free breakfast is a real money saver.
It's a charming old building at the epicenter of old Seattle, as the name implies.
Rooms are big and nicely renovated.
The staff was friendly and knowledgable, the free breakfast and free bowl of fruit welcome and good.
Quality hotel at great price.
Free breakfast with good selections.
Staff friendly and most helpful.
The Pioneer Square is a pleasant smallish hotel in an interesting corner of Seattle.
Comfortable rooms and bathroom, if oddly shaped and not very large, which were fine for a short stay.
Pleasant staff and reception, apparantly family run and up to the usual Best Western standards, clean and well appointed.
However, this also makes the location a great one for history and ambience.
Above all, though, was the great personnel in the hotel - at the desk, in the breakfast room, at the concierge station.
Extremely pleasant and helpful with accommodations and recommendations.
The hotel is also across the street from the water and down two blocks from the underground bus station.
The hotel itself is a wonderfully restored Victorian with a great selection of rooms and budgets.
Having stayed here close to a 100 nights in 2 years - always met with a friendly and helpful staff (this is a big deal to me), clean and comfortable rooms and a great continental breakfast in the morning - I am happy to recommend this hotel.
It is more comfortable and familiar than up-to-date and trendy.
The breakfast that is available in the hotel is certainly adequate and right there when you need it.
The location is great for doing a little roaming around in the historic and sports districts and the parking is very convenient and reasonably priced.
Location is just one feature here We had four great days here recently - location is fantastic given that there is so much within walking distance (including stadia and railway station), and if it rains (which is does here) transit is free in a large zone of downtown.
Front desk staff could not have been more helpful and have a sense of humour, the concierge knew the answers to the questions we had, and the room was quiet and clean and comfortable.
A restored hotel in the Pioneer Square section of Seattle, this little gem was delightful.
The only thing better was the hotel staff!
They were extremely helpful, professional and knowledgeable about the area.
All their recommendations were on the mark!
The staff is wonderful, the rooms are clean, and the breakfast is great.
The people who work there were very friendly and extremely helpful.
The rooms were nice, large, clean and inviting.
Every night the staff came by and offered more towels, turned down your bed and put candy on the pillows.
The location, in Pioneer Square, was fantastic.
It was so easy to get around that we didn't bother to rent a car.
The hotel is well located, across from the ferry docks, and within walking distance to public transportation.
But the staff was wonderful and the continental breakfast in the morning with eggs, yogurt, oatmeal, toast and muffins, fruit, etc. filled us up.
The room was immaculate, and because of something we were given an upgrade to a deluxe room with city view.
Great location, though as already mentioned, pioneer square attracts some dodgy looking characters, although I must say they never intimidated us.
The only good thing is that they use environmental friendly products in their bathrooms.
Great hotel by Space Needle Spacious, clean room, close to Space Needle and walking distance to waterfront restaurants.
Good service, breakfast, secure parking.
The closeness of the monorail was great and we had an excellent view of the space needle.
The rooms were large, clean and the staff were very helpful.
Would definitely recommend this hotel to someone looking for nice accommodations with a good rate.
The location is ideal in terms of getting to the monorail to take you downtown or the space needle.
The rooms are clean with a great big fridge to store your beers etc in.
The lobby is inviting with free coffee.
As I say nothing special but good if you are looking for a no frills decent hotel.
Room was adequate and service pleasant and courteous.
Good b'fast available early.
Good for tourists.
Reasonable value for a city hotel.
This Best Western is really an exception--fantastic view of the Space Needle from my window, spacious and exceedingly clean rooms, warm and responsive desk staff.
Plus the committment to Greensuites is impressive.
There are hundreds of restaurants all within about a 10-15 minute walk.
I absolutely LOVE walking around in a vibrant downtoan urban setting and this area makes me want to trade in my suburban ranch for a loft.
Spitfire is southwest spicy sandwiches and salads and Frontier is excellent BBQ, not KC but very good smoked meats, ribs and sandwiches.
The room was clean and while a bit bland served it purpose well.
The bed was comfy and there was a fridge and micro.
The bathroom is on the smallish side but the water pressure was great.
The room is completely 'green' with low impact features which I would expect in Seattle.
The staff was very friendly, that famous northwest hospitality very evident.
I would skip the restaurant in the lobby as it seems to be very basic hotel fare and since there are literally hundreds of great options so very close.
With hotel prices rising rapidly in the past couple of years, this place gives a great experience at a reasonable rate.
If you want a clean, convenient, friendly, reasonable place to stay, you wouldnt do much better.
Rooms were nice and clean.
Location is good, near space needle and not to far from downtown (near monorail).
First impression always is the front desk, we were met with friendly smiles and excellent service from start to finish.
I spend about 40 nights a year in hotels and this was the best customer service i've experienced in years.
Upon checkout we received perfect directions to the location we were headed on foot.
The location was perfectly convenient, the room was nice sized, clean, and enjoyable.
Free high speed internet was a plus.
We enjoyed our view of the Space Needle and the Seattle center carousel.
Especially convenient was the location going back and forth to Seattle Center, getting downtown, Pike's Place, etc. Hands down our new place to stay in Seattle.
For the rate, it's perfect.
Clean, green, and if you request  it's available: a drop-dead view of the Space Needle practically across the street.
A mere walk to Belltown (about 5 short blocks) where too many choices of restaurants, wine (and spirits) bars, younger folks clubs (live music, pubs, etc), jazz clubs --if weather permits, a nice hoof over to even Pike's! You don't get the usual BW complimentary continental breakfast buffet, but b/c rates are lower we splurge on breakfast via room service.
Parking's free in lower locked parking, which has cameras so we felt cool leaving our many shopping finds from this great shopping city discretely tucked away in back of our SUV.
Check them out, for the money they're not long for best kept secret status too much longer. Kudos to the staff and management of this property; well done!
While it's true that it is not the perfect place, believe me when I say that it is actually a diamond in the rough.
My boyfriend and I came to visit Seattle for the first time this year, we stayed for 4 days/3nights and since I knew we were going to be out of the hotel the majority of our days with sightseeing I decided to book a room here.
Everything is within walking distance (Space Needle is practically in your backyard, Belltown with all the restaurants, bars, and clubs is just a few blocks down the street and the Pike Place market is about a 10 minute walk away or you can hop on a bus to go deeper downtown, etc).
Rooms are clean.
Heater worked really well.
They have room service, and their staff of servers are pretty considerate and nice.
FREE wireless internet service and it's fast!
Room service called us to ask if we needed new towels or anything else.
My boyfriend bought fish at Pike's Market, which was delivered to this hotel.
They were nice enough to store it in their restaurant freezer for us free of charge!
Overall, we enjoyed our stay at this hotel because of its location.
You can pretty much see almost everything there is to see in Seattle (or at least the best places if not everything) if you stay here and you wouldn't even need a car!
This hotel was great for a quick place to go and see sights.
Amenities: Has nice indoor pool for the kids, secure underground parking garage, and great restaurant.
Rooms are great size for either couples, or families.Recommend this hotel for anyone who is visiting and would like tostay downtown near sights.
I was happy with the fact that their wireless was free, they had good cable channels (Comedy Central), and the room was quite spacious (although I did have a handicapped room so I don't know if they're all that way).
I appreciated the refrigerator that functioned as a normal refrigerator, not an overpriced minibar, so I could keep my leftover dinner in there for lunch without worrying about getting stuck with a charge for opening the minibar.
In general, the appointments were better than you'd get in a top hotel -- in a top hotel in Seattle you'd have a much smaller room, wireless would cost $20/night, and you still wouldn't get Comedy Central.
Room was spacious and clean with a super comfortable bed.
Extremely friendly and helpful staff.
A round trip ticket is only $4 and besides just being plain cool, it takes you directly to the downtown shopping district, so if you want you can leave your car at the hotel for the day.
Fantastic Mexican restaurant, Azteca, about a 5-minute drive away.
Excellent breakfast at the 5 Point Cafe just a couple blocks away...
best pancakes I've ever eaten!
We had a striking view of the Space Needle right outside our window, which was pretty neat.
If you're in Seattle to tour, they also have a huge selection of tourist brochures for various activities in their lobby, which is very handy.
Our room with two queen beds was very clean, although carpet was somewhatworn.
Beds and pillows were good, but linens on the bed were lower quality than I like.
Good shower and towels.
We had a very quiet night -no noises inside hotel or outside.
Had the pleasure of staying in a suite on the 6th floor, a private floor.
The location is very convenient, just of I10 with a McDonalds restaurant in front and other restaurants close by.
The pool area was quite nice and it looked like the restroom in the lobby had been recently remodeled.
The staff was friendly.
The breakfast is excellent!
It is rare that hotels in this class serve hot meals, yet they do!
Plus, the staff at the front desk are always courteous and friendly.
Though the bathrooms are a bit old, the beds are still cozy.
And the hotel is right in the middle of everywhere.
The owner was so kind and helpful and this high level of customer service continued throughout our stay;
the staff were always available to offer advice and local knowledge.
The location is fantastic and even though the hotel is decorated in a very quaint 'Olde English' style our room was more than big enough and sharing a bathroom was not a problem at all.
But the location was good.
This is a very clean, very nicely decorated bed  breakfast.
Rooms are cozy, romantic, just adorable.
Continental breakfast is great, even the orage juice is terrific!
I ALWAYS recomend this place to anyone going to the city, they have parking, it's convenient to drive to attractions, and bottom line, it's just so beautiful!!!
It doesn't hurt that it is economical as well.
The staff is amazing and very helpful.
TAlthough it took us about 45 mins, we were surprised at how centrally the hotel was located.
We arrived early to check in, but that wasn't a problem and we were shown to a clean airy room.
We were only staying one night and had plenty of space.
I can highly recommened this as a romantic get away, and if you are to get married in NYC, you have the chelsea flower shops just araound the corner.
Also the emplacement was perfect, near by everything.
