Right off the bat I knew this place would be good when I realized that they had valet parking.
It reminded me how less stressful it is to not have to park your own car. I was able to dump my car with a friendly gentleman as soon as I arrived and go inside.
The interior is dimly lit. 
There is also a sort of old-timey feel which is enhanced by a lot of dark wood. 
While I wouldn't suggest eating here if you have trouble seeing in dim light, I personally liked it because I felt it gave the place some character. 
Food was pretty good. I had veal parmigiana that  I felt great.
Good luck finding this place... but so worth the search! 
The portions are generous and decent prices. 
Also, a basket of warm Italian and focaccia bread along with a salad comes out complimentary with every meal. 
I had the pan fried chicken with tomatoes and mozzarella special as well as the lentil soup - traditional and tasty! 
My Bf was craving the Veal Cutlet Saltimbocca and a clam appetizer. 
The bread, the salad, the penne vodka, the EVERYTHING.
but their valet jockeys cars with aplomb all evening long.  
Down a residential street, in a house looking much like the others is a wonderful classic Italian restaurant here. 
This is one of the most legit style places I've been. 
No fancy fusion dishes, no fancy entrees, just good old homestyle cooking. 
Their wait staff service is both very efficient and super friendly.
The menu is incredibly large and includes every one of your favorites, plus a few new takes.
Make no mistake though, just because the menu is large do not think that the quality suffers in any way - everything is always delicious.
The wine list is great, very reasonable prices (it's hard to spend more than $30 on a bottle) and a large selection of red and white. 
The complimentary salad and warm, crusty Italian bread were excellent. 
Our meals were great and the service was friendly and attentive.
The pizza was actually pretty good and quite large, especially given the price (I don't remember how much it was but I think around $10). 
Many reviews raved about the corned beef hash as one of the best.
I would like to come back and try the pancakes...they looked pretty good. 
the chips were very good. the Salsa's were good too!
Anything from tacos to huaraches; all good, all fresh, all the time. 
My favorite items are the tacos (usually chorizo or pastor), and fried or grilled quesadillas.
The workers are nice and everything was clean, i'd love to come back if i find myself in this part of Illinois.
The prices are perfect a lot cheaper than Rick Bayless Xoco.
Service is friendly and knowledgeable with recommendations.
The guacamole is a gift from on high and when you add it to ANY of their dishes-it elevates already perfect food to sublime. 
orders arrive quickly and the staff is ever so kind and helpful. 
also had al pastor which was much better on a fried tortilla. 
Service is quick and the staff is very friendly.
Try their guacamole!
There are 2 hot sauces served with chips, the red one is ok but the more yellow one is UNREAL. Delish! Very unique sauce!!!
The tacos were the best! I'm sure the tortillas are hand made. Yum!
My favorite are the tacos Mexica--it's like a quesadilla taco.
The salsa is homemade and is awesome too!  
Try the crispy tofu! It comes out very hot with a nice sweet sauce. Perfectly crispy.
The Shrimp with Mushrooms! It is so delicious; it's very simple with just onions, shrimp, and mushrooms, but it is delicious.
The Sweet and Sour Chicken. It is really delicious, and the chicken pieces were very large.
The white rice was steamed very well.
The fried rice was lighter than typical fried rice, and my S.O. said it was very good.
The customer service was really nice! 
The chicken with Ma la Sauce was very rich.
It's a very unique atmosphere compared to almost every other "Americanized" restaurant.
The fried rice and crispy tofu are absolutely right on!
Szechwan beef - This might be my favorite dish.
The tofu was crisped perfectly and the soy sauce is thick and filled with aromatic flavors from the garlic and scallions.
The pork soup was nice, it is Taiwanese style and authentic.
Their best item is the crispy tofu.
They also have great eggplant.
The Crispy Tofu was outstanding and seasoned very nicely.
The staff was very pleasant and helped me order even though I didn't follow the simple directions posted at the door. 
The Jasmine tea was free and lovely.
Their menu has a great variety of dishes.
Crispy tofu and 3 cup tofu is amazing.
The chips were surprisingly good and didn't taste like they were out of a bag. 
The red salsa was too liquidy to eat just with the chips, but had great flavor. 
I enjoyed the spiciness and consistency of the darker salsa, but didn't like the taste as much. 
The pork had great flavor and didn't taste overly salty. 
Only been here once, but the pad kee mao (Friday special) is amazing. 
Very cheap too for dinner ($6). Food is prepared fast, so I really don't have any complaints so far.
I overheard something about their Thai iced coffee so if that's not in a bottle too, I'll try it.
I will say that the panang curry was amazing.
I had them replace the rice with noodles and it was pretty great, and very inexpensive. 
The thai iced coffee was great too. 
And my boyfriend was really happy with his green curry. 
Pad lard nar is AMAZING, probably my favorite. 
Seafood pad ped is really good too, although pretty expensive. 
As with most dishes here, the sauce makes it!  
Xe Lua is also the best pho, as it comes with all the meats.
I personally like their fried rice Tuesday specials. 
What makes their food especially delectable is their spicy levels which range from 1-6. 
The service is fast and they have a plethora of water pitchers for water connoisseurs like myself.
I've tried a few of their noodle dishes (haven't tried their pho yet) but they were both really good. 
Pat see ew and the pad thai are delicious. You can get various spiciness levels.
We got the xe lua pho and it was delicious. 
Omg it was phenomenal. 
Giant chunks of noodle with some veggies. 
The meat was piled high, layer after thin layer, on fresh soft bread. 
The sandwich was simple, flavorful and tender. 
It was perfectly dimidiated and not overly salsuginous. 
The service was effusive and hospitable. 
The price-point, sandwich and service are all worthy of 5-stars. 
I had to take the other half of my sandwich home, because I couldn't even finish the entire thing. 
It is massive! 
Bread, chips and pickle were all good.  
Quantity was good but for $10 and with a cash only policy, I want premium quality corned beef.  
I ordered the Reuben which comes with house made chips and a pickle - all were delicious! Also ordered the Honey Puffs, and they made them and brought them out to us at the end of our meal so we can have them fresh and piping hot.  
The place itself is really cute and has character. 
To begin, we both loved the caeser salad.
Neither of us care too much for anchovies and love garlic, so it went over really well. 
The lettuce was crisp, and it was the perfect size.
The basalmic vinaigrette was the best I've ever had, and the salad was also very yummy- I even had them add sundried cherries to it. 
The soup was awesome. 
The cheese on top was flavorful and the broth itself was bold and delicious. 
I had the Michigan Cherry salad and it was delicious.
Great Food! 
Excellent staff! 
I am a shrimp lover and always order their shrimp feast! 
I love the cheesy rolls! always hot n yummy! 
The building is in a nice spot down from shopping, movie theatre, and etc. 
The atmosphere inside the restaurant is a nice low light setting. 
Service was really good though, the waitress was prompt and took care of our needs really well.