The case has a huge discoloration across the front and the chocolate appears pink, not brown! I emailed them, they asked for photos & said they would replace it.
Never offered money back or replacement.
Ordered an iPhone 5 case was sent iPhone 4 :( useless
The case is really fun but the quality is a bit sub par.
About one month ago the wi-fi stopped working on my phone.
Three days ago my wife's phone stopped connecting to the wi-fi.
Now two and a half years later for me and one year later for my wife a major component does not work.
The phone was in a celephane wrap as if it were new, but it did not work.
It worked for two days and now the screen goes black.
And a voice talk behind it saying screen is locked.
After two days, for apparently no reason at all (did not drop it, etc., just took it out of my pocket) the screen shattered.
Then, about a week after having the front screen replaced by a local cell phone store, the back of the phone is now cracked.
I hooked it up with Page Plus and I haven't had any problems with it, but I've only had it only a little over a month and the charger that came with it is already broken.
I have to twist and work with it before it'll charge.
Hardware: The screen breaks quite easily unfortunately.
What a racket! I will NEVER, as long as I live, subscribe to this magazine again.
I'm tired of the bait and switch, shady accounting, and threatening tactics toward a customer who paid their bill on time, and would have renewed if treated with some basic courtesy and respect.
I have been a fan and subscriber of bhg for years, but the advertising has increased to the point of excess.
I thumbed through the magazine and never found any articles.
The only thing in it were ads.
I get better information through gardening/decorating blogs and definitely better service as people help each other on these sites.
Laptop doesn't seem to be very durable. 
We didn't realize it had no cd/dvd slot. 
I gave it only three stars because it didn't come with a CD ROM drive. 