It was too large, so I took it off and repackaged it immediately  .
Good thing too, because according to 7th Avenue's ridiculous return policy, I had to explain in writing why I felt I deserved a refund (seriously  .
Even then, they only offered me store credit  .
Except they didn't, they took another $7+ for 'restocking'  .
So, after $7+ for return shipping and the restocking fee, they scammed me out of almost $15  .
I didn't realize until now that he keeps changing the company name to hide from creditors  .
I never received a full commission check  .
I never received customer monthly statements as was in our employment/1099 contract  .
Matthew Bernhard is a DISBARRED attorney who has SERVED JAIL TIME for knowingly misappropriating clients  .
Bernhard is not the person you want around money, or you're personal financial data  .
Adi Simayof, CEO of Simayof Diamond Cutters and Jewelers is an international con artist , a person who cheats or tricks others by persuading them to believe that he his an important jeweller , owning a chain of jewelry stores , he attempts to defraud diamond dealers and jewellery manufacturers , after first gaining their confidence, used in the classical sense of trust  .
Simayof Diamond Cutters and Jewelers by Adi Simayof is a scam that unfolds over several months or weeks and involves a team of swindlers composed by his family members , for example Sarit Simayof and her husband Zak  .
He even uses his father YEDIDIA SIMAYOF , for his scams , just to convince people to sell him diamonds  .
It aims to rob the victim of hundreds of thousands of dollars, often by getting him or her leave their entire diamond inventory with his jewelry shops and also online diamond shops such as  .
George Rhame disappears with the money, a brand new front door unit (he was suppose to install), and 10 gallons of paint to paint a small home exterior before listing  .
Just now realizing he lied continuously (I trusted him), used Christian speak as part of his ploy to scam cash advances, made one excuse after another about why he wasn't showing up to get the job done  .
Finally he stops responding completely  .
Took a month to get door opener and washer fixed  .
Customer service is nothing but rude  .
But I didn't realize until I had driven out of the city that the popcorn bag I had bought was expired  .
I have tried reaching the company about the issue through other means, asking for reimbursement, but they just don't seem to want to respond  .
I have lost Internet connection 6 to 10 times in the last month  .
This is not just an inconvenience but also a tremendous waste of time  .
Between being on hold and finally getting the problem resolved it takes about an hour each time  .
And I have been disconnected and have had to start all over again  .
Daniel Ikpe is a scam artist that promises services that he doesn't deliver  .
I paid and then he came to me saying he couldn't deliver the service because of a needed update which would take no more than 48 hours  .
Forty eight hours went by and nothing was sent but I was told to be patient  .
I then was told I would need to meet up with him via Gchat and pay more for some additional service (which I was not told to begin with)  .
I never received a service or refund and I was duped which I can't change but I do want to inform others so they aren't scammed either  .
After having my son here for a couple of weeks and hearing a number of horror stories from him, I promptly began doing some in depth research on this facility as well as their treatment service history  .
I came to find that not only were there numerous police reports involving their neighbors and clinical services, but that a number of parents had been forced to remove their sons or daughters out of sheer concern for their safety  .
no call back was ever received  .
I finally spoke to a therapist and she would not offer any responses to all of my son's claims regarding the craziness there  .
I finally pulled my son out of here and was forced to take a big financial loss  .
No refunds whatsoever  .
When the item did not reach me on the due date, I intimated Flipkart in writing  .
That deadline has been extended several times  .
but I have not yet received my ordered item  .
They have also sometimes requested me to cancel the order and place a fresh order at a much higher rate which I have firmly refused  .
One lady also agreed for re-shipment of the item at the same rate but nothing actually happened  .
I have been taken for a ride by Flipkart whom I trusted and rhetorics apart they are not in a mood to supply the item  .
After 2 days not even a call or explanation of the delay and lack of professionalism from pediatrician Nazly montano  .
The cashier never placed the dvd in the container, so I paid $2.99 for nothing
They have never refunded my $$ or contacted me  .
In my letter I explained what had occurred and nothing has ever done by savers  .
She is not an experienced or professional groomer  .
He was not trimmed, he was SHAVED  .
You never shave off the hair of a golden retriever  .
He had razor marks on him  .
He was fairly traumatized when I got him home  .
Each time they failed to provide service  .
I had to babysit them everyday to make sure they did their job  .
Even with the babysitting they completed the service in about half the instances  .
Regis used a 30 without foils and I sat for an extended period of time to find that my hair did not blonde, it turned copper  .
A 20 was then put on my hair where I sat for an additional period of extended time  .
My hair is not only still copper, but I have chemical burns on my scalp that is now all scabbed and had at least 40% if not 50% of my hair break off at the root and or an inch from my scalp  .
On October 22, 2014 I had an experienced, retired licensed cosmetologist look at my hair and head to determine that indeed I not only had chemical burns but the follicles are swollen and have significant hair loss  .
She would not correct the color and did not recommend I go anywhere to have the color corrected until my head healed and to determine if I would have permanent hair loss where I suffered chemical burns  .
I contacted Regis on October 23, 2014 and spoke with LaDonna who refused to return the money in a convenient manner that I paid to have my hair and scalp ruined  .
A salesmen from The Business Network scammed me out of $1,500 when he did not provide the services he promised  .
I asked for a refund and now the company will not return my calls or emails  .
I have had ongoing issue with them trying to make me pay for equipment I sent back, trying to make me pay for leasing, taking more out of my account than should have, harassing me constantly, threatening to ruin my credit  .
I have sent letter requesting them to stop harassing me, which they have ignored  .
Being both a disabled pensioner who is basically modern technology illiterate there is a reliance on obtaining correct information to meet needs from sales personnel but what I have found from Virgin sales are only interested in selling so within a matter of months the mobile phone sold becomes useless requiring more expenditure  .
I have Virgin Broadband, Virgin telephone landline, Virgin television and Virgin Mobile but customer service cannot be arsed to even reply to an observation on how their sales could be improved  .
This is the 4th mobile phone purchased outright from Virgin and now need a 5th due to inefficiency of Virgin sales personnel  .
It didn't come in on time for my son's birthday  .
There was no reason it should take this long  .
I even did the footwork and the have the emails where the freight company told me Walmart.com did not request the order until a later date than when it was ordered and they never specified that it should arrive on the 27th  .
I feel like I'm just being scammed by these people no matter how many times I call  .
