I really like the features of this vacuum however it will not raise high enough even at the top setting for a new Shaw brand carpet.
But this one is the worst vacuum I ever seen and had in my life. 
I would not recommend this not even to my worst enemy.
Completely useless.
A real nightmare.
I bought after a $15 hand vac that does MUCH MUCH better than this.
I have used this one five times and I am greatly disappointed. 
I will not be keeping this vacuum.
You can't even use it because it is so unbearable.
And to be quite honest its not really a issue or a negative. 
Cant complain but about ONE thing! 
Not happy!
We immediately started having trouble with the new one. 
WE have done everything they requested us to do, at least 5 times and we still have the same problem.
It doesn't even work in the same room with our wifi. 
This was the first tablet I bought and it was a disappointment. 
We bought this for our 14 yo daughter on aug 4 and it quit working yesterday so back to the store it went this morning. 
We got a replacement with no problem and have already registered it again but I envision when this one breaks in a few weeks we will have to go purchase an iPad or some other better made tablet.
We had read all the reviews but thought maybe since our child was older than a lot of the children that had received it that hers would last....the children aren't the issue....this product isn't quality. 
Save yourself the time and aggravation and get a better product the first time.
Worked for 3 weeks then it just died.
www.nextbookusa.com website is useless and no help at all.
I would not recommend this brand to anyone. 
Save your money.
I spent alot of money on this product to just use for 2 months.
I believe that this is not one of the -best- out there but probably not the worst.
Im getting ready to sell this combo because my daughter hasn't outgrew the weight limit yet, but its getting uncomfortable for her. 
It's been an interesting journey with this carseat (I got all kinds of compliments) but I am kinda glad its over. 
Overall this camera is horrible.
I was wanting a better camera to use for my photography.
I have been in photography for two years now and I will be returning this camera I bought. 
Definitely not worth the money.
If your willing to get to know the camera you can have a impressive camera that take great pictures. you have to spend at least 100 dollars more to find a better.
I find myself keeping my fingers crossed hoping that It wont and that it will last at least for a couple of years, or give out now while I still have my warranty.
If I had a chance to do it all over again, I think I would just spring for the extra hundred dollars or so and get a recognized name brand.
Very frustrating
Sound of the unit is ok, nothing spectacular. 
Even at 1/4 of the MSRP it's not worth it. 
Sound quality is just OK when sitting directly infront of unit. 
The quality is not the best, but it has that expensive "look" to it.
DON'T BUY IT, OR TAKE IT BACK!
Next time I won't be so cheap and spend the extra $10 for a printer/scanner/copier that actually does all that right out of the box!
Total waste of my time and my money. 
do not mislead yourself into thinking you are saving money with this printer.
Totally disappointing.
I chose it because it is the cheapest one in the store and apparently I chose poorly.
It is not working at all. I will return it tomorrow.
Very disappointed in this purchase, would not recommend.
Stay away from this brand
Unable to use it at all.
If you are buying this to print self adhesive shipping labels, forget it.
Taking this back to the store
Had to return.
Overpriced for what you get.
This one is by far the worst
Not a very good tent in the rain.
We will return it and try another one for sure!
This is one of those situations where you get what you pay for.
Will never buy this brand again.
We would like to return it but we don't want to be without a tent.
Wish I had seen some of the issues before I paid way to much for this shiny pile of junk.
I am sorry I have this thing
However I will not purchase any cookware or dishes of Rachal Ray for the fear of this happening again and my money being spent on a product that will not hold up.
Don't want to waste my money on this brand any more.
Worst purchase ever. 
For the price it's a little high your paying for a name.
Very disappointed that I have to return this, probably go with a different brand when I do.
NOT worth the money I paid.
I am very disappointed in such a high end brand like R.R. 
Won't buy her products again.
everything I get from Walmart is great, however, this is the 1st thing I think was not good quality. 
I cannot recommend these socks.
I wouldn't purchase these again, unless I wanted disposable socks!
Quite disappointed .
Really bad idea GO PRO!
I wish I had never bought this scanner.
went bad in less than 1 year.
These are not made with quality and go bad. 
I'll never buy in this price range anymore.
Don't buy. 
These aren't worth two cents.
I don't recommend the JVC HARX300 headphones at all.
Not Happy.
Dont waste your time.
We bought this unit recently and it was a nightmare! 
We returned the unit right after we got back from that trip.
did not meet my expectations, does not do what i expected it to do
Very Sad.
BAD AIR CONDITIONER DON'T BUY IT
I want a refund.
This A/C is really poor.
Would not recommend this product to anyone. 
I will think twice before I order online again.
Excellant price if it had worked.
Amazingly cheap ~ and I mean junky.
Returned for refund.
 I would not buy another one again!
My suggestion is do not buy this watch.
Going to try another model.
What a bummer!
NOT happy at all.
I wouldn't have made this purchase.
Sorry, it was a no go for me!
I repeat: don't waste your time or money!
I wish i never bought it and spent a little more money on a desk.
Looks great, but overall is junk.
I DO NOT recommend this desk unless you like to waste money.
Don't be fooled
worst tires ever
Some of the WORST tires I've ever owned!
What a waste of money these tires are.
Not for me.
I cannot recommend these shoes to anyone.
you might like these shoes, i don't
I would discourage anyone from buying a product such as this from Walmart.Com or the store.
