Hotel noisey.
We complained the front desk offered an upgrade for additional $50 a night.
Very Disapointed
My first time to the west coast and I had to pick this property?
Very average all the way the way!
This not a good Best Western
I rode or walked by the hotel several times and never gave it a thought.
Couldn't wait to leave.
I pre-booked and paid for two nights, but was so fed-up and disappointed that I left a day early.
We will never stay there again and we travel internationally on a regular basis so are very aware of good hotels that are out there.
I checked back downstairs and complained.
Breakfast was OK, and I heard a guest comment that he had been staying there for years but that the hotel had really gone downhill in terms of standards.
I will not recommend this hotel at all.
Be aware!!!
Worst hotel ever.
i booked this hotel because of the good reviews on this site, but this was a bad mistake.
i cannot understand how this hotel got such good reviews.
i,ve been in may hotels all around the world, but this was really one of the worst.
never again.
So why couldn't the rule be bent a little?
The rooms needed some updating BADLY.
This has to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!
And I was there 20 days on business needless to say I didnt pay for it!
Pay the 20 extra and stay somewhere's else.
Convenient location but hotel is terrible.
The hotel was in an excellent part of town, but I don't recommend it, and will never stay there again.
The pictures they provide on the web do not tell the story so don't be fooled.
Will never stay there again.
Well below average.
Unfortunately, this is below average.
doubtful for another visit
Skip this place
Terrible Hotel
OK but expected better
but I expect more than this.
What a disappointment!
I could go on, but this should suffice to persuade you that any of the other nearby hotels are a better choice.
Stayed here for 4 nights, 3 of which were on points, and if this is how Hyatt rewards its frequent customers, the corporation is in trouble.
A really disappointing Hyatt.
This is the worst Hyatt Regency I have ever stayed at.
The rooms were simple and not something I expected from a Hyatt.
I have had far better stays in far less expensive hotels.
Worst Stay Of 2006
Very frustrating hotel to be stuck in for a week.
Three strikes and we were out of there.
We won't be back.
I would try my luck with another hotel before staying here again.
we left Friday morning as fast as we could.
Yuck......don't do it You think Hyatt you think quality......not this time.
We had a bad week-end stay at this Radisson.
Not a very impressive three day stay.
Horrible Stay.
We checked into a hotel that looks great on the outside but looks terrible on the inside.
Definitely will not stay again.
Avoid.
I will not be staying there again.
Just lots of disappointments!
I wouldn't stay here even if you paid me!!
Not worth the money!
Horrid!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There are many amazing hotel options in Pheonix, when I return it will definitely not be to this venue.
I did not feel that this was the approach at the Royal Palms Hotel.
>Another Not Very Good Starwood Hotel in Greater Phoenix
Don't Stay Here - Sheraton Website Entirely Misleading i went here with some girlfriends for bacherlorette festivities.
Never again.
Just awful..
worst place ive ever seen in San Francisco.
a true rip off ..
website shows rooms but its false advertising at its worse..
we got our money back no problem after saying no thankyou when we saw the place ..
I guess that's what you get for being cheap.
I don't think this is legal!
Can,t recomend this...sorry.
I would not be back here.....just if I can not find another hotel available....in hte whole SFO
Not for your honeymoon!!!
issappointed with the whole thing
I booked a room for a family of 4 last summer because of all the great reviews, but I was in for a big disappoinment.
Maybe the other rooms are better, but from what I saw I would not return to try them out.
Torturous Stay
I would unequivocally not recommend this establishment.
don't stay there ...
The review of this hotel in Time Out New York was glowing, but I beg to differ.
DEFINITELY NOT RECOMMENDED.
Disappointed... 
I don't understand why everybody gives 4 and 5 stars for this place.
Must suck to be me
An overall horrible experience!
Disgusting place, bad service.
While the staff were friendly we couldn't wait to get out of there
Absolutely "NOT" worth the price
What a disappointment.
I can not understand why this hotel is rated so highly.
Number 1 in DC? No Way!
We figured next time for the money we can stay somewhere nicer and have a relaxing time instead of being annoyed.
Awful!
All in all a horrendous, not to say embarrassing, situation.
what a dump!
My worst stay
I can not recommend to stay there, or try to stay there... 
Advice - stay elsewhere!!!!!!!!! 
Needs a serious facelift 
There are a lot of great, and yet affordable hotels in LA, and this is not one of them. 
Our stay at the Tower began badly and ended worse!
I don't consider this even a three star hotel alone four.
Needless to say, after getting no satisfaction, we're off to the Beverly Wilshire
Would Never book a room there again!!!!!
