Perhaps I just didn't order the right thing as it didn't measure up to the high praise I heard.
The hostess has no concept of time.
The hostess is a liar.
Not worth it.
Never going back.
I've eaten at Brownstones several times with friends and family, and each time, the experience is always "okay".
Never really great. 
I had an experience recently that left not so good a taste in my mouth, and I wanted to inform my fellow Yelpers and diners. 
Sorry Brownstone, but I have to drop you one star.
It's not one thing that prompted me to drop a star, it's a bit of everything.
Seems like they have lost interest in this location, and it is just on a slow decline... 
The place was packed - they must be doing something right. 
I just don't see a particular reason to go out of my way to go here again.  
The Torta Aghoada wasn't exactly what I was expecting and part due to my own ignorance.
Overall, it did not live up to all the good reviews I kept reading about on Yelp.
Sorry to be the first downer, but this place is not that good.  
I've been to Katz's (NY) and I've been to Schwartz's (Montreal) and they're both so much better than this place.  
I don't know who manages the staff but they need to start all over again. 
It was terrible.  
The place itself needs a total update.  
Hello, 1970's called and they want their restaurant back.  
Very tired and worn. 
Not a good start.  
Poor quality and lacked taste.  
We will not be back!!!! 
I'm sorry, but Portofino just isn't my idea of a great place for dinner.
And I've been here several times... all but the first begrudgingly.
It's really not that good.  
Let me say that one more time: THIS RESTAURANT IS REALLY NOT THAT GOOD.  
The food itself, though... um, mediocre at best.  
I want to like this local, downriver business but I can't bring myself to.  
I would not recommend dinner here at all.
They are not knowledgeable about the menu/specials and don't really understand how to do their job effectively... including a great deal of reaching and passing awkwardly.  
I try not to write really bad reviews, but I'd want to be warned before stopping in.
Salads were appropriate enough, but all of them were different. 
I didn't have the heart to try desert. 
But when it came down to it, my dinner experience at Portofino's was lacking. 
It was taken off the bill, but when it did come out, it wasn't that good afterall. 
Well, the view is still spectacular, but I have yet to find something worthwhile on the menu.
My most recent disappointment was this past August for my aunt's birthday dinner. 
I would give the view 5 stars, but the food dragged it down.
Although many people have great things to say about it I was not overly impressed.
The decor is fantastic, they could really work the place better if the service and food followed.  
Not that any part of the experience was terrible, it was just OK.  
When I think about a great place to go this would not be the place.
Well this is where the evening turned for the worse. 
Used to love this place but the qaulity of food has gone down. 
I have never heard anything about this place good or bad but there are many options in the area that offer better food and service for the same price. 
If you want a drink it may be ok it but would not be in my top 10 in the Wyandotte area.
im sorry i use to always go there sad i will never be back.
DO NOT place a take out order.  
They didn't seem to care. 
I will most definitely be getting my seafood from elsewhere.
I went to endless shrimp at this location a couple times now and my last experience was horrible. 
I wished I like it more but I'll never go to a red lobster again. 
I was met with the worst service I've ever had at a restaurant that I beforehand found mostly pleasant and enjoyable.  
The whole time I'm sitting there taking mental notes amidst my stewing anger and impatience.
I've never been to any other Bdub's locations and I DO love their wings, but I won't ever go back to this location. 
I do not fit in here, it is not my territory.
I had the absolute worst experience ever here!
We had an awful experience here tonight! 
Will never go back here!
Never again. Maybe we were there on a bad night, but holy.
I doubt I'll return to this place.  
In Champaign-Urbana, there are much better burgers (Farren's) and much better beer bars (Crane Alley, Seven Saints, Radio Maria).  
Old Chicago just doesn't cut it.
If zero stars were available I'd give this "joint" zero. 
Wasn't impressed.
Their food isn't bad, by any means, just not that amazing.
I only give this place one star because zero or negative stars is not an option.
Service wasn't that great, probably just our server though. 
The first time I went with my family it was fine, the other night sucked. 
 It's really unfortunate because this place used to be one of the best places in town.
 but the food was god awful
 Needless to say I will never return.
 Won't be back, even if it's free.
 It's now herb crusted and awful!
 Don't waste time on this place
 This was a unpleasant visit to say the least
 It will be a long time before I will try this establishment again
 I've had dinner here once and wouldn't go back. 
 Was not satisfied with the service here.
 I'd save my money next time and look elsewhere for seafood.
 Overall, I like this restaurant, but better food and service can be found elsewhere...
 Avoid this company at all costs. 
I felt like I got tricked by them.
I've never been more disappointed with the service I've received at a store
I don't understand why anyone would want to go here, ever.
This place was absolute garbage from jump.  
I will not return here- I would rather pay even more money for a burger somewhere else in this casino than go through that again.
Overall, it was a terrible experience.
Not worth my hard earned money when there are so many different better options out there.
I'd give you a ZERO rating, but since that isn't possible, you'll earn a completely undeserved one star.  
Horrible service will never go back. 
I'm so extremely disappointed in my last visit to Mezzo.
It's sad that I will no longer be going there or recommending it to anyone.
Apparently, they do not need nor want new business and they will certainly not be getting ours.
I was totally disappointed with this place. 
The absolute worst experience with any business. 
If I could give it 0 stars I would.
I, for one, am not going to Paseo anymore nor will I recommend it to others, either.
Apparently this place has gone way down hill over the last couple of years.
Sadly, I have to post a terrible review of a neighborhood restaurant. 
Had a really unfortunate experience here.
It wasn't as good as i was expecting. 
Went for dinner and had a horrible experience.
This place is poorly run. 
I really, really wanted to like this place and subsequently gave them several chances, but it's over.
This restaurant's service is TERRIBLE!
Take your money elsewhere.
There is no reason to go in and eat here.
I still do not recommend them and will never go back. 
We were all very disappointed.
Will never dine here again.
My boyfriend and I came here for restaurant week and it was one of the worst dinning experiences we have ever had. 
Really frustrated with my experience today.
Sad to say I was disappointed today. 
I personally think this place is a little overrated.
We left and probably won't return.
Not at all what I expect from this restaurant.
Disappointment set in when the food arrived.
I can't say I enjoyed this place.
I went to the grill for lunch and the food was nasty
I'm not going back to the grill side anymore..